ref: reel_02_0201
date: 1947-05-05
content: May 5, 1947 Regular meeting of Council acting Mayor C.H. McGlassman presiding and the following members present W.G. Buckhannon, J.B. Jenkins, C.H. Duncan, J.E. Cameron, F.H. Fivens. Absent C.R. Hunter, Mayor James.

Minutes of last meeting read and approved. No unfinished business. On motion by Mr. Jenkins 2nd Mr. Cameron request read for the Council approved. That the carnival tax on a carnival or like show in the Town of Appomattox shall be as follows: On a Carnival or like show requiring from 8 to 10 or more men to work - license shall be $100 per day for first day; and for every such over 10 required 8 men it then shall be $100 or the $100 for day.
It matters not what towns a contract may be entered into or under what authorities such exhibition is given, by such company, association, or persons, or corporation for benevolent or charitable purposes, it being the intent and meaning of this section that any such company, association, agency or corporation, which makes its business that of giving exhibitions or occupation within a part of the proceeds are for charitable or benevolent purposes or not shall pay the license tax prescribed by law.
All ordinances or sections of Town Code in conflict with this is hereby repealed. Carried.

On motion by Mr. Cameron 2nd Mr. Jenkins. An ordinance amending Sec. 176 of Town Code in regard to Public Performance being theatrical performances or any performances inside of halls, barns or a circus, or performance or exhibition of any kind, given at any place or kept in a regular licensed Theatre or Hall or Moving Pictures Theater by the owner or manager of such Hall or Theater or Moving Pictures Theater.
chunk_id: 19697
record_id: 717
page_number: 1

