1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 11, 2015

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 11, 2015
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry

Others present:  Daniel Puckette and Marvin Hamlett, Times Virginian; Alicia Petska, News and
Advance; Carlton Duck and Brian Moore, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; and
Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Brian Moore opened the meeting with a prayer and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing PH 05112015-01 FY 2016 Budget for the Town of
Appomattox.

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the following:
Proposed FY 2016 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-2506
Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by the Town of
Appomattox for FY 2016:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

There were no comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

1,953,008.00
530,509.00
895,791.00
3,379,308.00

1,953,008.00
 530,509.00
895,791.00
3,379,308.00

Mayor’s Comments:
The Town has received a $5,000 CDBG (Community Development Block Grant) Planning Grant
from the Department of Housing and Community Development.  The 1st step of the grant must
be completed by July 8, 2015.

Mayor Harvey also wished Councilman Mayberry a speedy and complete recovery.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 11, 2015

Scheduled Public Appearances –
None

Consent Agenda -
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for May 11, 2015 with the addition of New Business #2 – Consideration of a committee
recommendation to abate uncollectable real estate taxes and associated penalty and interest in the
amount of $2,672.48.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2015 Operating Budget for the General
Fund for FY 2014-2015 for revenue received from the Virginia Department of Transportation for
snow removal, additional funding for the ROSE program, and design for Kiddie Park
improvements

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

2.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2015 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2014-2015 for revenue
received from the Virginia Department of Transportation for snow removal, additional funding
for the ROSE program, and design for Kiddie Park improvements

General Fund Expenditures

Council
Property Maintenance & Construction
Property Maintenance & Construction
Public Works
Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
Use of Kiddie Park Reserve
Miscellaneous Revenue
Net Increase in Budget

$    5,000
    20,300
    (5,000)
    17,985
    38,285

$   20,300
     17,985
$   38,285

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 11, 2015

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2015 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 11th day of May 2015.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

On a recommendation by Mr. McDearmon, Chairman of the Finance and Planning Committee,
Council voted to approve a request to abate uncollectable real estate taxes and associated penalty
and interest in the amount of $2,672.48 as discussed at the Finance & Planning committee
meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Town Manager’s Report – none

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 7:40 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

