1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, June 10, 2019 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present: Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Derek Norfield, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Rachel Mahoney (News &
Advance), Michelle Payne (Times Virginian), Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger,
Town Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey reminded those in attendance of another free event in the Courtland Festival Park
on June 29, 2019 featuring McKinley Cardwell.  Please contact Mayor Harvey or Mrs. Susan
Adams if you know of anyone who would be interested in providing entertainment at one of the
events.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Timothy Garrett, seconded by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, Council voted to adopt
the consent agenda for June 10, 2019 with the addition of language, specifically “in the amount
of $37,500.00” to New Business #4.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to accept the
recommendation of the Appomattox Town Planning Commission to approve the variance
application for Tax Map Identification Number 64A2 2 9 for David M. Ferguson.  The property
is currently zoned B-2 and the purpose of the request is to rebuild a residence that was destroyed
by fire.  The residence will be built in the same footprint as the previous home.  A variance is
needed to allow the home to be rebuilt in a B-2 district in the Town of Appomattox.  This parcel
is approximately 0.37 acres in size and is located at 196 Crawley Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the Capital
Improvement Plan for the Town of Appomattox for FY 2020 as presented.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt an
Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the Fiscal Year 2019-
2020 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL
ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2019-2020 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF APPOMATTOX,
VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of Virginia, require that
the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for the budget year no later than the date on
which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2019-2020 Budget was published on May 8, 2019 and May 15,
2019 in the Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506, Code of Virginia, and
public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on Tuesday, May 28, 2019;

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in General
Session on June 10, 2019, does hereby approve the following General Fund Expenditures by Category for
Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative Department
Professional
Police Department
Tourism Department
Fire Department
Public Works Department
Sanitation Department
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Donation/Contributions
Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

51,500.
488,170.
118,000.
94,644.
78,200.
41,000.
926,193.
115,000.
660,571.
38,250.
83,500.
 27,000.
27,100.
2,749,128.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the property tax
rate at $.12 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value for personal
property, $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value for machinery and tools, and $.12 per $100.00 of assessed
value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-3524(C)(2)
and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the Acts of Assembly
(2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax Relief Program) of
Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused within the Town commencing
January 1, 2018, shall receive personal property tax relief in the following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 61.86% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 61.86% tax relief on the first

$20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use vehicles, farm

use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Public Service Corporation
Bank Stock Tax
Cigarette Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Franchise Tax
Consumption Tax
Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Communications Tax
Zoning
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Motor Vehicle Tax
Sales Tax
Aid to Police Department (HB599)
Fire Programs
Personal Prop Tax Relief Act State Funds
Visitor Center
Mobile Home Titling Tax
Miscellaneous

162,000.
 75,000.
5,000.
5,000.
7,000.
 130,000.
110,000.
1,000,000.
70,000.
4,500.
7,000.
25,000.
150,000.
6,500.
1,000.
9,000.
9,000.
4,000.
70,000.
44,322.
10,000.
23,107.
400.
500.
1,000.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

Town DMV Fees
Meadowlark Program Income
Other Reimbursable
Transfer from Reserve
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

1,000.
4,380.
500.
813,919.
2,749,128.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

976,362.
976,362.

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
County Water Line Maintenance
Miscellaneous
Interest
Credit Card Fees
Rental of Misc. Property
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Fund Balance
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

342,400.
7,500.
15,000.
10,000.
4,000.
45,000.
500.
4,000.
2,500.
35,000.
25,000.
485,462.
976,362.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

1,017,033.
1,017,033.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees

832,000.
2,500.
7,500.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

County Reimbursement SBR & IDA PS
Park Service Maintenance
Interest
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Beginning Balance
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

76,573.
1,800.
3,500.
1,000.
92,160.
1,017,033.

SECTION X:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Internal Service Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Internal Service Department
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURE

133,800.
133,800.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the following
Internal Service Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2019-2020;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; REVENUE BY CATERGORY:
Reserves
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE REVENUE

133,800.
133,800.

SECTION XII:
The salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby authorized as per the terms of the
town’s classification and merit system as approved compensation for officers and employees for services
rendered, unless hereafter otherwise provided by ordinance; provided however, that the Town Manager is
authorized to make such rearrangement of positions in the several departments named in the Budget, in
respect to officers and employees appointed by his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the
Town and after approval by Council.

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal Year 2019-
2020 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section
15.2-2507, Code of Virginia; and,

SECTION XIV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal Year
Budget for 2019-2020 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2019 and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive document
with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Adopted this 10th day of June, 2019.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt a
resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the General Fund for additional funding
necessary to complete the purchase of Public Works Equipment identified in the Capital
Improvement Plan adopted for FY 2019,

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the General Fund for funding for Public Works
Equipment.

General Fund Expenditures
10-5000-6001 – Public Works Equipment
Total Net Increase in Expenditure Budget

$    37,500

             $37,500

General Fund Revenues
10-3901-0000 Transfer Funds from Reserve

      37,500

Total Net Increase in Revenue Budget

            $37,500

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2019 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 10th day of June 2019.
Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, Council voted to award the bid
for the 33,000 GVWR Cab & Chassis with mounted dump body and snowplow ready according
the VDOT specifications to Worldwide Equipment, Inc. as the lowest responsible and responsive
bid for a total price of $107,609.00.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Timothy Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND REENACT the Code of the Town of Appomattox,
Chapter 75, thereof, entitled Burning, Open, by amending §75-3A Exception for firefighting,
recreational, ceremonial and safety purposes.

Be it ordained by the Council of the Town of Appomattox as follows:

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

Section 1. Chapter 75, Burning, Open, of the Code of the Town of Appomattox is hereby
amended to read as follows:

§75-3 A.  Exceptions for firefighting, recreational, ceremonial and safety purposes.

A.  Open burning shall be allowed for campfires that do not exceed a 3’ x 3’ ground area and

2 feet in height.  A containment barrier from a non-flammable material such as
cinderblock, brick, or stone shall be used for all campfires, and must be adequate to
prevent the fire from spreading.  Spark arrestors are also required.  All campfires shall be
maintained a minimum of 25 feet from all structures, combustible materials, and
adjoining property boundaries.  The campfire shall be constantly attended until it is
completely extinguished.  Commercial fire pits shall also be permitted, provided all
campfire requires are met.  Open burning shall be allowed for ceremonial occasions
approved in writing by the Town in advance, outdoor noncommercial preparation of
food, safety flares, and warming of outdoor workers, provided that there shall be no
burning of rubber tires, asphaltic materials, crankcase oil, impregnated wood, or other
rubber or petroleum based materials or toxic or hazardous materials or containers of such
materials, and provided that appropriate precautions are taken to prevent the fire from
spreading.

Section 2.  Effective Date.

ENACTED AND ORDAINED THE 10th day of June, 2019.  This ordinance shall become
effective June 10, 2019.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to adopt the
following agreement:

9  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

➢  Continuing to work on Historic Tax Credits on the train depot.
➢  The annual Virginia Municipal League Conference will be held in Roanoke, Virginia

October 6-8, 2019.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner inquired if the staff has looked into doing away with the Internal Service Fund?

10  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
June 10, 2019

Mr. Shanaberger stated, not in earnest.  Mr. Shanaberger said he would look into it within the
next 60 days.

Mr. Boyce asked if there were any updates from VDOT on Church Street and Lee Grant Avenue.
Mr. Shanaberger advised that the engagement of the engineering firm would begin after July 1,
2019.

Mr. Conner suggested contacting Boxley or Buckingham Slate about the roof at the depot.

Ms. Spiggle reminded everyone of the Grand Opening/Ribbon Cutting at the new Horizon
Behavioral Health Wellness Center on June 25, 2019 from 2:00 – 4:00 p.m.  The center is
located in the Elite Fitness building on Union Blvd.

Mr. Jonathan Garrett requested Council members pay attention to legislation regarding gun
control measures.

Mrs. Puckette stated she was not opposed to sending a letter regarding gun control measures be
limited to state buildings, not local buildings.

By consensus, Council recommended contacting local legislators individually, not as a Council,
regarding their feelings on any proposed gun control measures.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10
pm. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

