ref: reel_03_0852
date: 1983-12-12
content: The regular Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, December 12, 1983, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Martin Webb, R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, T. W. Lawson, S. E. Carter, and R. C. Hubbard.

Others present were: Frances Paulette, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, the Agenda with the following additions: Old Business, 6. Use of Backroom, 7., Morton Lane Sewer Line, and New Business, 6. Ed Harvey's water problem, was approved by Council and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Webb, the minutes of the November 14, 1983 Council meeting was approved as submitted and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the Financial Statement for November, 1983, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, the following resolution was adopted:

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the A pomattox Town Council to request the Auditor of Public Accounts to Audit the Town Books for the year 1983.

Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Bass-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to accept the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors request to have our Engineers draft a plan to study the feasibility and cost of dumping septage into our system and to accept the $1000.00 for the cost of this Plan.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to allow the County to use one-half of the "Backroom" for use by the Recreation Department and the County will be responsible for all cost of renovating the room.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20869
record_id: 1889
page_number: 1

