ref: reel_03_0853
date: 1984-01-01
content: Mayor Spiggle reported on Ed Harvey's water problem.
On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to install gutters on Mr. Harvey's property at an approximate cost of $300.00, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously. (See copy of estimate from Appomattox Home Improvement)
Mayor Spiggle made a "Statement of Appreciation" to Thomas W. Lawson who will leave to take office as Commonwealth of Attorney on January 1, 1984.
Council discussed and asked questions concerning the proposed 1984 Budget.
On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to adopt the 1984 proposed budget as presented by the Staff to Town Council. (See copy of entire Budget in Council file December, 1983)
GENERAL FUND RECEIPTS 302,683.00
GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES 302,683.00
WATER FUND RECEIPTS 92,200.00
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES 92,200.00
SEWER FUND RECEIPTS 346,270.00
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES 346,270.00
Carter-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.
On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council to set the 1984 Tax Rate at $.20 per $100.00 for Real Estate and $.55 per 100.00 for Personal Property.
Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.
On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to set the salary scale for 1984 as per the Budget. (see copy in Council file dated December, 1983).
Carter-aye Basa-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.
There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 8:30 P.M.
Ronald C. Spiggle MAYOR
Bobbie H. Mullins CLERK
chunk_id: 20870
record_id: 1890
page_number: 1

