220

Regular meeting, Recessed and Reconvened - December 29, 1986

The recessed and reconvened Town Council meeting for December, 1986
was held on Monday, December 29, 1986, at 7:30 P.M. with
Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members Present were: R. C, Hubbard, Martin L. Webb,
R. L. Bass, Marvin Mitchell, Ss. k£, Carter, and H. Ww. Conner.

Others present were: B. H. Mullins, Clerk, and Bernard
C. Proctor, Engineer.

The meeting was opened with a prayer,

Mr. Bernard ¢. Proctor, Engineer, appeared before the town Council to
report on the Status of the Regional Sewerage Project. He is

recognize funding may not be available under the I. & A. Program,
and also, we need to g0 with the lime addition to control the
ammonia.

It was also general consensus of Town Council that Mayor Spiggle
and Mr. Bass, be given the authority to award the bid on the
Sewer project as goon as Mr. Proctor gives us the go ahead.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to adopt the Proposed 1987 Budget as Presented. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
change the January 12, 1987 meeting date to January 13, 1987, at
7:30 P.M. due to the absence of several members, and all those
Present voting aye. Motion Carried. Change will be advertized
for two weeks,

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to
adopt the Salary Schedule for 1987 as set forth in the Budget, see
attached copy.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner~aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried,

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. H. Ww. Conner, Council voted
Co accept-the quote from First Piedmont Corporation in the amount
Of $40,538.04 for a 1987 Ford Chassis with a Loadmaster body.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner~aye Webb-aye Mitchell-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting
adjourned at 8:45 P.M.
/

Ub ~ foe

Fag fe. MAYOR

(Aa

CLERK

Bobbie H. Mullin
