1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 10, 2015

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, August 10, 2015
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  M. Erin Finch

Others present:  S. L. Ferguson, Roger Carson, Marvin Mitchell (members of the Planning
Commission), Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; Ashley Walter, News & Advance; Carlton
Duck, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer, C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town
Manager and Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck opened the meeting with a prayer and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Hearing:
08102015-01 – Comprehensive Plan
Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing to comments regarding the proposed adoption of the
Town of Appomattox Comprehensive Plan.  The purpose of the comprehensive Plan shall be
“guiding and accomplishing a coordinated, adjusted and harmonious development of the territory
which will, in accordance with present and probable future needs and resources, best promote the
health, safety, morals, order, convenience, prosperity, and general welfare of the inhabitants” of
the Town of Appomattox.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Mayor Harvey, Mr. Conner and Ms. Spiggle thanked the Planning Commission members and
Mr. Philipp Gabathuler, Planner, Region 2000 Local Government Council for all their hard work
on the Comprehensive Plan.

Mrs. Puckette said this had been a very thoughtful process.

Mayor’s Comments:
Jeff Elder and Mayor Harvey attending the Department of Housing and Community
Development meeting for the Main Street project held in Lynchburg.  It is their recommendation
for the town to become an affiliate member otherwise, the Town would not qualify.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 10, 2015

Mayor Harvey advised that the Region 2000 Business and Economic Development Alliance
recently merged with the Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commerce.  The merger vote was 16-
6, with most local government members casting the dissenting votes.  The thought of local
government members is the alliance will take away from local governments and it will likely
emphasize Lynchburg over other localities.  The Appomattox Town Council will have an
opportunity to ask questions of Megan Lucas, Region 2000 Alliance CEO when she appears at
the September Council meeting.

Consent Agenda –

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for August 10, 2015 with the addition of NB#3 – Consideration to lease space in the
depot in for seven (7) days in October 2015 and seven (7) days in December 2015 for $200 per
occurrence.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Absent:  Finch
Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt a Loan
Resolution (RUS Bulletin 1780-27) authorizing and providing for the incurrence of indebtedness
for the purpose of providing a portion of the cost of acquiring, constructing, enlarging,
improving, and/or extending its Appomattox Water Reclamation Facility (SBR plant).
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Absent:  Finch
Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
of the Governing Body (Virginia RUS, Instruction 180, Exhibit B, Attachment 1) in order to
facilitate obtaining financial assistance from the United States of America, United States
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Absent:  Finch
Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve a request
to lease space at the depot for seven (7) days in October 2015 and seven (7) days in December
2015 for $200.00 each occurrence.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Absent:  Finch
Motion carried 5-0.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 10, 2015

Town Manager’s Report – Mr. Gillespie reported that the Town should know the status of the
Meadowlark Study and the Downtown Business District Study in late August/early September,
approximately 45 days.

The bid packages for the Children’s Park are being prepared for advertisement on August 16,
2015.  The bids will be due on September 14, 2015.

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 7:55 p.m.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Absent:  Finch
Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

