ref: reel_02_0431
date: 1966-05-18
content: May Meeting

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office, on May 18, 1966, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

The following members were present, Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Mr. Ivey Holland, Mr. Richard Wingfield, Mr. Dick Bass, Mr. Burke Guil, Mr. R. C. Hubbard, and Mr. Harold Nash, Superintendent Employment who was invited to attend.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion made by R. L. Bass, that the Mayor be instructed to employ a suitable person to act as assistant treasurer with authority to sign checks and do general office work as needed 5 1/2 days a week. Seconded by R. L. Wingfield. Motion passed.

Mr. Ivey Holland, seconded by R. L. Bass that R. C. Hubbard be authorized to act as special clerk of this meeting. Motion passed.

Motion by Mr. Ivey Holland seconded by R. L. Bass that Mrs. Calvin Robinson be instructed to draft a resolution expressing sincere thanks and appreciation to family of Mr. C. J. Hunter, for his long and faithful service. Also that this resolution be published in Times-Virginian. Motion passed.

Motion made by R. L. Bass, seconded by Mr. Ivey Holland that Mr. Harold Nash be authorized to rework pump on #5 well, the Pressure Booster Pump. Motion passed.

Motion by R. L. Bass, seconded by R. L. Wingfield to purchase exhaust fan and install same. Motion passed.

Motion by R. L. Wingfield that a suitable building be erected at Sewerage Disposal Plant #1 according to appropriate and needed plans, for use as Laboratory. Seconded by R. C. Hubbard. Motion passed.

After authorizing payment of bills, council stood adjourned.

Signed
H. B. Pack, Mayor
R. C. Hubbard, Clerk
chunk_id: 19915
record_id: 935
page_number: 1

