ref: reel_02_0522
date: 1968-10-21
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on October 21, 1968, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

Council members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Ivey Holland, R.C. Hubbard, and M.L. Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. Roach and Mr. Lawson, of the Continental Transmission Corporation, and Mr. Roland Simpson, of the First Colony Telephone Co., appeared before the Council to request a franchise for Cable TV service for the Town, and explain what they would furnish the citizens. No action was taken by the Council.

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the Moses Motor Co., Inc. bid on a new police car be approved for acceptance. Motion carried.

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That the Town buy Christmas lights recommended by the Committee for approximately $1030.00. Motion carried.

Holland moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That Mr. & Mrs. Charles Seay be permitted to operate the Snack Bar on the license previously purchased by the former owner. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Hubbard seconded that the following building permits be issued:

Dr. Clyde G. O’Brien - Oakley Avenue - Garage
Clarence Mitchell - Lee-Grant Ave. - Porch

Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Hubbard seconded: That the Council members be paid $10.00 for all Council meetings and Committee meetings. Motion carried.

The meeting was adjourned.

Signed H.B. Pack - Mayor
Signed C.S. Booth - Clerk
chunk_id: 19993
record_id: 1013
page_number: 1

