29

RECESSED AND RECONVENED MEETING - November 28, 1988 “*

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town
Council was held on Monday, November 28, 1988, at 8:00 P.M.
with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, Marvin Mitchell,
S. BE. Carter, and R. C. Hubbard. Absent - H. W. Conner.

Others present: Bernard C. Proctor, P.E. and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

Council had previously met with the Appomattox Planning
Commission in joint session to discuss the proposed zoning
for the newly annexed area. A recommendation from the
Planning Commission will be forthcoming.

Mr. Proctor, went over the Water and Sewer Chapter 14, of the
Town Code, with all the recommended changes.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
adopted the Water and Sewers, Chapter 14, of the Town Code,
with the revisions which shall be entitled the Sewer Use
Ordiance. (see attached copy)

Bass-aye Carson~-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to adopt the Cross-Connection and Backflow Prevention Policy
and those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to adopt the Personnel Policy as proposed. (see
attached copy).

Bass~-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to table the adoption of the proposed changes to the

Pown—Code ;—Junk -Automobi.le,—Conditional Use Permit,—and—the nn

Sewer Use Ordinance, until the next regular meeting.

There being no further business to come before Town Council,
the meeting adjourned.

6 MAYOR
Ronald Cc. Sbi le

