Page 2 of 2
Council minutes - November 14, 1988

Mr. Rick Read and Paul Coffey, appeared before Town Council to
follow up a meeting held previously concerning water and sewer
to History Junction Shopping Center. They have four questions:

1. Calculation of what our portion of the costs to-date would
be for everything that's been done and in place now. What
is our fair share of that?

2. Estimate of the costs to extend the lines to serve our site.
3. Anticipated delivery date of these services.
4. What will be required of History Junction to get started.

Bernard Proctor, Town Engineer, answered the questions. The
approximate costs would be $140,000.00 is their share of what
is there already.

Question two is approximately 35,000 to 45,0000 for water
service and sewer is still unknown due to answered not received
from the Health Department.

Delivery Date of these services will depend upon the weather,
but we think perhaps May lst, 1989.

We will need the money up-front, before we being to
construct service to their property.

Council discussed the need for all weather access road to
the sewer pumps at the Shopping Center. We have received

a quote from Laramore Construction Company of $14,978.00.
The hold-up is whether we can get an easement from the land
owner to put the road in.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Marvin Mitchell,
Council re-~affirmed their granting of the Conditional Use
Permit to Super 8 Motel on Route 460, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

Council recommended that we appoint Rick Book to the Town Zoning
Appeals Board and Jim Sefter to the Regional Solid Waste
Task Force.

Mr. Proctor, briefed Council on the status of the project on the
Lagoon and Sewer Plant. Few.small problems still exist,
but he plans to have this project closed out by November 30th.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to recess and reconvene on Monday, November 28, 1988, at
7:30 P.M. to meet with the Planning Commission and finish

the Agenda. 7, ,

R. C. Spiggl

MAYOR

CLERK
Bobbie H.

