Mobile Home Park/D.S. Nash. All voting aye. Motion carried,

On a motion made by S.E. Carter, seconded by S.E, Lawson to support of the Chamber of Commerce grant
application but not funding. All voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by N.H. Mayberry, seconded by M.H. Mitchell to appoint H.T. Nash, Sr., Murrell
Ferguson and M.E. Gordon as Commissioners to vacate a street in Town adjacent to property owned by
George Cheatham and §.E. Carter on Morton Lane. All voting aye. Motion carried. S.E. Carter abstained
from voting on the above motion.

On a motion made by §.E.Carter, seconded by N.H. Mayberry to table Ravida Associates in reference to the
Sewerage rehabilitation to the July meeting. All voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by N.H. Mayberry, seconded for $.E. Carter to adopt the new Personnel Policy. All voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by N. H. Mayberry, seconded by S. E. Carter, Council voted in accordance with Section
2/1-344 subsections 5 and 6. Discussion concerning a prospective business or industry or expansion of an
existing business or industry where no previous announcement has been made of the business’ or indusiry’s
interest in locating or expanding its facilities in the community. And, the investing of public funds where |
competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affect. Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye
Carter-aye Motion carried. _

On a motion made by N. H. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Town Council reconvened into regular a
session, in accordance with the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act; Section 2.1-344 of the Code of .
Virginia, requires certification by Council that the executive session conformed with Virginia Law, Council Lj
hereby certifies that only such public business matters as identified in the motion to go into Executive Session

were discussed. The motion was passed with the following recorded vote: Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-

aye Mayberry-aye Carter-aye. Motion carried,

On a motion made by S. E. Lawson, seconded by M. H. Mitchell, Town Council voted to recess and
reconvene on June 16, 1997 at the Appomattox Courthouse. All voting aye. Motion carried.

\) Mayor
e av W) lei rote

Acting Clerk

