ref: reel_02_0275
date: 1953-01-19
content: A meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's office on January 19, 1953, with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding. The members present: Chas. F. James, J.C. Caldwell, J. E. Jamerson, C. T. Moses, Jr., J. T. Almond. The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. A motion was made by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that the Mayor and Town Manager make arrangements to have the Treasurer's accounts audited in the best and cheapest way possible. Motion carried. A motion was made by J. E. Jamerson, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that the New Town Street Light installed on the Light Pole in front of the Carver High School. Motion carried. A motion was made by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by Chas F. James that a Permit be granted to Morton Milling Co., to build a grain elevator to the mill at approximate cost of $2,000.00. Motion carried. A motion made by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that a 1 in. water line be put in from the State Highway Shop to Lee-Grant Ave. Motion carried. On motion made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by Chas. F. James that J. E. Jamerson pay for installing a 1 in. water line from Lee-Grant Ave. south on State Road 1009 for approximately 1200 ft. All cost over $270.00 to be paid by J. E. Jamerson. Motion carried. A motion was made by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by J. T. Almond that Officer W. A. Stanley's pay be set at $6.00 per day and expenses for his car be set at $4.00 per day. Motion carried. A motion was made by J. E. Jamerson, seconded by Chas. F. James that Harry Harrell's salary be increased from $165.00 per month to $175.00 per month. Edward Mayberry's salary be increased from $150.00 per month to $200.00 per month. John Stovall's pay be increased from $0.80 per hour to $0.85 per hour. These increases to go into effect February 1, 1953. Motion carried. There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date February 16, 1953.
chunk_id: 19759
record_id: 779
page_number: 1

