92

Recessed and Reconvened - December 31, 1990

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town
Council was held on Mod@ty, December 31, 1990, at 4:30
P.M. with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Those present were: S. E. Carter, H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass,
and R. C. Hubbard. Absent - Mitchell and Carson

Others present were Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to approve the Agenda and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to approve the minutes of the December 10, 1990
meeting and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to adopt the 1991 Town Budget as presented. (See
attached copy).

Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-aye Carter-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass,
Council voted to set the 1991 Real Estate Tax Rate
at $.15 per $100.00 of assessed value.

Bass~aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to set the rate for Personal Property and Machinery
and Tools at $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to set the 1991 Salaries as presented. (See attached

copy) +

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

