# REGULAR MEETING – March 11, 2002

Page 2 of 3

442

. “Page 2 of 3. . Dol . ee
; Council Minutes — March 11, 2002

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to approve the
following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED, By the Council of the Town of Appomattox, that the Town of
Appomattox fully supports the Virginia Housing Development Authority for the purchase
and rehabilitation of the Lee Grant Apartments, and hereby authorize the Manager to sign
the support documents on behalf of the Town.

Bennett-aye Lawson-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the
Recreation Departments use of the Watt Abbitt Memorial Park for an Easter Egg Hunt on
March 30, 2002; from 11:00 AM until 12:30 PM, and waive the fee for use of the Park,
and all those present. voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to grant the
Jamerson Memorial Library the use of Abbitt park for a Summer Reading Fair, on June
15, 2002 from 7:00 AM until 4:00 PM and waive the fee.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye ‘Mayberry-aye Carson-aye
Motion carried. .

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to appoint
Mrs. Dot Wooten to a five year term on the Board of Zoning Appeals, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council approved an out of town
water connection for Clayton Bryant on Tower Hill Road, and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table New
Business, Item 6, until the budget meeting, and all those present voting aye: Motion
carried.