ref: reel_02_0061
date: 1944-07-03
content: Regular meeting of Council. Mayor McLemen presiding and the following members present: C B Ruvion, J E Jaunston, J A Layed, C Lambert, A C A M cVarren, J T Murphy absent. Minutes of last meeting read and approved. The committee to pave the Fire House tragic presented report that everything was ready except electric wiring and other. The reports were accepted. On motion by Mp y Jhining, 2nd Mr Lyoede that the Sgt be instructed to sell the old Fire Truck and carriage. The council granted a permit to Louis Feargusin to build a 5 room frame dwelling on his lot on 1st St and also to Mr Henry Lymnig to build a cinder block residence 25'x 34' on his lot on Maple St. An application of a permit to R B Ryan to build a frame garage 20'x'30' on rear of his lot on Almond St was referred to Police Comm. to report to next meeting of council. On motion by Mr Jhishing and Mr Lyoede that the clk give C C S Chandler a copy of the ordinance on mowing, under 18 years of age not to be allowed in pool rooms, and to notify Mr. Chandler that the ordinance is going to be enforced. Carried. Mr G G Famailed Statement of the taxes as Protest 2 was read to the Council and also Mayor's Report for June. J B Larry $7.00 C B W Damon 20.00 Rent Stupb 2.45 B R Rutin 98.56 Notions & Lophy 20c 4.40 Abbs rules Co 3.92 J E Heliumton 11.40 E R Mellloe 8.75 W N Betts 15.00 Alliance Phone Co 3.85 Lutin Internal Rev 48.12 Eddie W. Ludy 5.00
chunk_id: 19557
record_id: 577
page_number: 1

