# JOINT MEETING – May 20, 2004

Page 2 of 2

rane

Page 2 of 2

an 2... aia haan

~ Joint Meeting
All of which are practical and feasible.

Appomattox to 460 waterline has more advantages, presents lowest risk and
unforeseen expenses in the future. Immediate water service to 460 West
Corridor. Some of the best land in Appomattox could be developed in the
corridor from Appemattox to Concord. Utilization of more water from the 460
waterline than from any other source. -

The study concluded that the 460 waterline should’be pursued, Appomattox
Town/County should hire an individual/agency with considerable knowledge
regarding funding. A considerable amount of funding is needed as well as the
backing of Campbell County and the City of Lynchburg.

Mr. Hancock took questions from the Board and Counci! Members,

Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director of Region 2000 Regional Commission was
introduced by Chairman Carter.

The Water Committee decided it needed a project coordinator. The expertise,
-. help and guidance that Bill Gillespie, Executive Director for Region 2000 Regional
. Commission provides made the commission a likely candidate as the project
coordinator. . .

‘Mr, Gillespie advised the Board and Council that this is.not a taxpayer issue for
funding, it is would be funded by the users of the system. Mr. Gillespie took
questions from the Board/Council regarding funding.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded. by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to adjourn
at 8:30 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,

. Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC -
Town Cierk