# REGULAR MEETING – May 10, 2004

Page 1 of 2

er eee

S43

REGULAR MEETING — MAY 10, 2004

A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May
10, 2004 at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: W. H. Carson, N. H. Mayberry, M. H. Mitchell, Joyce Bennett,
and S. E. Lawson, Absent: C, L. McDearmon, Jr. :

Others present: W. M. Phillips, Town Attorney, David Garrett, Town Manager,
Charles Garrett, Chad Denton, Times Virginian, Reed Johnson, National Park
Service, Jim Klein, Landner/Klein Landscape Architects and Roxanne W. Paulette,
Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting with a prayer.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the consent agenda dated May 10, 2004. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Reed Johnson appeared before Council to address the General Management Plan
of the National Park Service.

Jim Klein appeared before Council to address transportation concerns along Rt.
24. Modification efforts are being incorporated into the General Management
Plan.

Standing Committee Reports —

Street & Property Committee ;

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, Chairman, the Street & Property
committee recommended and Council approved the recommendation that was
presented by VDOT on April 12, 2004 for a temporary curb (4 to 6 weeks) to be
installed on Church Street, strip the center line and install no parking in front of
the hardware store and Hunter Dickerson’s store to determine if this will work
before the Town expends funds for a permanent curb and gutter on Church
Street. All members. present voting aye. Motion. carried.

The concrete dance pad for Abbitt Park will be poured next week (5/17/04) ata
cost to the W. M. Abbitt Memorial Park checking account fund.