# JOINT MEETING – May 20, 2004

Page 1 of 2

SAS

JOINT MEETING — May 20, 2004

A joint meeting of the Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was heid on Thursday, May 20, 2004 at 6:00 p.m. in the Council
Chambers.

Town Council Members: W. H. Carson, N. H. Mayberry, C. L. McDearmon, Jr.,
Joyce Bennett, S. E. Lawson, M. H. Mitchell, and Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor.

Board Members: Russell Moore, Tom Conrad, Shawn Armbrust, William Craft,
Samuel Carter.

Others present: David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Aileen Ferguson, County
Administrator, Walter Hancock, Wiley & Wilson, Bill Gillespie, Region 2000
Regional Commission and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

Public present: John Wilson, Rick Butler, Marjorie Glover, Terrie Conrad, Mildred
Wooten, T. W: Wooten, Ruby Williamson, E. L. Williamson, Richard Martin,
Evelyn Marshall, Louise Tyree, Alice Layne, Estelle L. McFadden, Inez F. Carter,
Dr. Betty Siano, Pamela M. Klein, Barbara Shelton, Katie Adams, Wade Adams,
Bill Klein, Herbert Fleshman, Sara Carter, Ora McCoy, Jacqueline Davis, Odessa
Booker, William Layne, Jr., Annie Humbles, Darlene F. Reed.

Chairman Carter called the board to order from a recessed and reconvened
meeting and Mayor Spiggle called the Appomattox Town Council to order.

Chairman Carter opened the meeting with a prayer.

Walter Hancock, Wiley & Wilson was introduced by Chairman Carter as having
conducted the Water Study being discussed.

Mr. Hancock briefed the board and council of the study siting the different types
of water sources available, where they would be located and the types of things
needed for each type such as booster pumps, length of line, 2 reservoir sites, in

take from the James River or 460 waterline.

The construction costs came out to be fairly close and very expensive. Ranges
from $14.9 to $16.4 million. A large portion of this could be secured by grants
and would be very feasible.

The water study report concluded the following choices:
1. 2 (two) Reservoir sites
2. Raw water from the James River
3.- 460 Waterline