ref: reel_02_0548
date: 1969-08-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on August 18, 1969, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Fack presiding. The meeting was opened with a prayer. All members of the council were present. 

Mr. Holliday appeared as the agent for Mrs. Helen B. Shouse and requested the rezoning of lots on Patricia Anne Lane at North Avenue from R-2 to R-1 be granted. 

Mr. C.E.M. Clarke, Highway Engineer, asked approval for no parking on the south side of Confederate Boulevard from Court to North Church Street. The Council agreed to it. He requested no parking on the south side of Main Street about opposite Lee Street. The council will consider it for 8:00 to 5:00 P.M.

The minutes of the last meetings were read and approved.

Hubbard reported that the Health Department will be glad to assist in killing rats. Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that they be requested to help us. Motion carried.

Guill moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the new street from Evergreen Avenue past Well No. 6 be named Booth Drive. Motion carried.

Holland said that the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce has requested that the $150.00 be donated to them to print a brochure. Council authorized the payment.

Guill moved and Bass seconded that the Virginia Highway Department be requested to sell the town 1200 gallons of RC-250 Type 1 Asphalt. Motion carried.

The request of Mrs. Helen B. Shouse for rezoning the lots on Patricia Anne Lane at North Avenue from R-2 to R-1 was brought up. Hubbard moved and Bass seconded that the Council agree with the Appomattox County Planning Commission recommendation and deny the request. Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20018
record_id: 1038
page_number: 1

