1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 13, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, July 13, 2020 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present - Jonathan D. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Paul D. Harvey, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff members present – Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim
Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Thank you for all coming out tonight.  I hope we can do good things for this community.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mr. Steven T. Conner was presented a plaque for his service on the Appomattox Town Council
for July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2020.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. P. Harvey, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for July 13, 2020 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Old Business:
None

New Business:
Mary Lou Spiggle nominated Timothy W. Garrett as Vice-Mayor.  Nominations were closed by
Mayor Conner.  All those in favor of Mr. Timothy W. Garrett as Vice-Mayor – all members
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to amend the signature
cards at Farmers Bank of Appomattox and Branch Banking & Trust (BB&T) for all accounts
with the following authorized signers:
Mayor – Richard C. Conner
Vice-Mayor – Timothy W. Garrett
Town Manager – Gary L. Shanaberger
Town Treasurer – Kimberley W. Ray
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 13, 2020

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to appoint Paul D.
Harvey to the Town of Appomattox Planning Commission and Mary L. Spiggle and Claudia G.
Puckette to the Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority with terms expiring
June 30, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to appoint Mayor
Conner to serve on the Central Virginia District Planning Commission.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. M. Spiggle, Council voted to declare the
following items for the Public Works Department as surplus:
98 Dodge 250 D VIN# 3B7KF26Z5WM243267
92 International 4600 VIN# HT5AZRN4PH478798
90 GMC Top Kick VIN# 1GDM7D1Y9LU508993
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. M. Spiggle, Council voted to award the 2020
Curbside Garbage Collection Contract to County Waste for $404,529 for 3 years (annually
$134,843) with an option of $11,760 annually for bulk waste services.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council adopted the following FY
2021 Budget Amendment 2021-001:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2021 General Funding Operating

Budget for the Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services FY 2021 599 funding.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

3.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General Fund.

General Fund Revenues
10-3604-0000 Aid to Police Dept.
10-3901-0000 Transfer from Reserve

$      2,051.00
            $      1,407.00

      Net Increase in Budget

$      3,458.00

General Fund Expenditures
10-4400-8070 Police Agreement

$      3,458.00

Net Increase in Budget

           $       3,458.00

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 13, 2020

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2020 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2020.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

VOTE: J. Garrett – yes, N. Simpson – abstain (relationship – father is Sheriff), T. Garrett – yes,
M. Spiggle – yes, P. Harvey – yes, C. Puckette – yes.  Motion carried 5-0-1.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Mayor Conner announced the Standing Committee appointments effective July 1, 2020:
Finance & Planning Committee – C. Puckette, Chair; J. Garrett and P. Harvey
Physical Development Committee – T. Garrett, Chair; N. Simpson and M. Simpson
On a motion by Mr. P. Harvey, seconded J. Garrett, Council voted to accept the Mayor’s
Standing Committee member appointments effective July 1, 2020.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Citizen Comments:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger provided the following updates:

➢  He participated in a conference call with the Central Virginia Transportation Technical
Committee.  During that meeting the Lee Grant Avenue Improvement project was voted
on and endorsed by the committee.

➢  There is a bid opening tomorrow, July 14, 2020 on the Inflow and Infiltration aspect of

the sewer project.  There is a bid opening next Tuesday, July 21, 2020 on the Force Main
potion and then the last bids will be opened on July 28, 2020 for the equalization tank.
➢  He has received many favorable comments regarding the stimulus provided to businesses.
➢  He has also received many favorable/great comments about the fireworks display on July

3, 2020.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Council Member Spiggle, seconded by Council Member T. Garrett, Council
voted to convene in closed session Pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 A. 3 of the Code of Virginia
(1950), as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real
property for a public purpose, or of the disposition of publicly held real property, where
discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining position or negotiating
strategy of the public body, such property identified by Tax Map # 64A5 A 200.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 13, 2020

Vote: J. Garrett – aye, P. Harvey – aye, M. Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, N. Simpson – yes,
Puckette – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Harvey and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote: J. Garrett – aye, P. Harvey – aye, M. Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, N. Simpson – yes,
Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Council Comments:
Mr. J. Garrett said it was one of the largest crowds for the fireworks.

Ms. Spiggle welcomed Mayor Conner.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. N. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 8:40
p.m.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

