1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 27, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, July 27, 2021, at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, James J. Boyce,
Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle (via phone) and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Jimmy Sanderson, Davenport & Company; Chad Hodges, Carlton Duck, Alive
Media TV; Rob Fowler, Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne
Casto, Clerk

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting.

Discussion Items:
Jimmy Sanderson, Davenport & Company presented the Comprehensive Financial Review for
the Town of Appomattox.  Mr. Sanderson presented recommendations to Council regarding the
unassigned fund balance policy.  The debt capacity recommendation is between $5.2-6.1 million.
Council thanked Mr. Sanderson for the report.  Council will take some time to read and study the
report.

Council Comments:
Mrs. Puckette – none

Mr. Simpson reported that he attended the newly elected officials conference hosted by the
Virginia Municipal League and found it to be incredibly informative.

Mr. Garrett – none

Mr. Boyce – none

Mr. Tilton – none

Ms. Spiggle is very happy to have this report from Davenport & Company.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA)
Mrs. Puckette provided a handout of funds requested by Mr. Elder.  The handout primarily
contains water and sewer infrastructure projects.  Mr. Garrett and Mrs. Puckette will be meeting
again as the guidelines continue to be developed.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 27, 2021

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for revenues and expenditures through
June 30, 2021, noting that these numbers are preliminary numbers and still need to be audited
and may change some.

Utility disconnects are scheduled to resume after September 1, 2021.  Those customers with a
balance of less than $500 will be given a 6-month payment plan.  Those with a balance of more
than $1,00 will be given a 12-month payment plan.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:

➢  Staff participated in a meeting concerning the Church Street Waterline

Replacement project.  Mr. Boyce and Mrs. Puckette agreed to serve on the
Programmatic Management Council/Board.

➢  VDOT issued a permit for 929 Confederate Blvd. therefore, the zoning approval

has also been provided.

➢  Site work has begun at the former Thomasville property by United States

Cellular.  The work should be complete in the next 30-45 days.

➢  The Virginia Municipal League Annual Conference is scheduled for October 3-5,

2021 in Leesburg, Virginia.

➢  Mr. Fowler, Part-time Zoning Administrator began employment earlier this

month.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

