1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 13, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, November 13,
2023, at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Nathan Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, and Mayor Richard Conner (6:50 p.m.).

Others: Anna Leisher, SGA; Amy Baade, SGA; Lydia Work, Environmental Standards; Kelly
Hitchcock, CVPDC; Gunner Gowell and family, Charles Conrad, Carlton Duck, Alive Media;
Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Vice-Mayor Garrett the meeting to order at 6:45 p.m.

Reverend Duck led the prayer and pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of
America.

Vice-Mayor Garrett turned the meeting over to Mayor Conner.

Mayor Conner welcomed everyone to the meeting.  He commended the elected officials and
town staff for the progress of the many projects at this time.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mayor Conner recognized Gunner Nowell as the winner of the Downtown Revitalization Fair
Housing Poster Contest.  Gunner is a student at Appomattox Elementary School.  He received a
$75.00 gift card, and his poster will be displayed at the Jamerson Memorial Library.

Mr. McGhee introduced Anna Leisher, Amy Baade, and Lydia Work as the group of consultants
working on the Brownfield Study.  After each consultant provided more information regarding
their background and part in this project, they invited the Town Council and members of the
public to attend the “Public Open House” at the Appomattox Town Hall, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia from 5:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday, November 14, 2023.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, the Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda as presented for November 13, 2023.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, the Council voted to table “consideration
to appoint individuals to the Train Depot Advisory Committee” until the November 28, 2023
Workshop meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 13, 2023

New Business
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Puckette, the Council voted to advertise the
Request for Proposals from Architects and engineering firms for service related to the design and
construction of the Appomattox Town Hall renovations.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

ARPA: none

Finance and Planning Committee: none

Physical Development Committee: none

Citizen Comment: none

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided an update on the following items:

➢  In your mailboxes, there is a handwritten note from a visitor to Appomattox
commending the Town for the Visitors Center employees and the depot.

➢  Mr. Elder has moved to the Fontaine Center at UVA.
➢  Following up with the interested urgent care possibilities.
➢  Resolution for the entrance improvement at the Caldwell’s store on the corner of Church

and Atwood Streets.

➢  The loose slate shingles on the depot have been repaired.
➢  Railings, gates, and parking lot paving are the final items of the Downtown

Revitalization project.

➢  A brief update regarding the properties located within the Brownfield Study area.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, the Council voted to table further
discussion of potential brownfield properties until obtaining the opinion of legal counsel.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Comment:

Mr. Boyce:  none

Ms. Allen: Thankful for the removed car on Atwood Street.  While driving or walking through
Town at night, the lights look good, and she feels much safer.

Mr. Garrett: He would like to see the Town or EDA provide an incentive for Town businesses to
hire students through the workforce program.

Ms. Spiggle: none

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 13, 2023

Ms. Puckette: none

N. Simpson:  none

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, the Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 pm.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

