1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 12, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, April 12, 2010 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T. “Plicky” Williams, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry.  Absent:  Karl E. Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.

Others:  Mary Lou Spiggle, Barbara Shelton, Bill Smith, June Goodrich, Bill Goodrich, Cliff
Harvey, Frank Carwile, Will Simmons, Vicky Yeats, Waite Rawls, Sam Craghead, Howard
Gregory, Linda Gregory, Nina Beasley, Lucy Harvey, Ben Harvey, Joyce Bennett, Chad Millner,
Hazel Thomas, Ronnie Lankford, Stephanie James, Dr. Calvin Gray, Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise,
Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Dr. Calvin Gray gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Williams, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda of April 12, 2010 as presented.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

Public Comments – none.

Mayor’s Comments –
I attended the Clover Hill events of the weekend, April 10-11, 2010 and Buddy Conner asked me
to publicly thank Will Simmons, Director of Tourism for his assistance.  Also, thanks to Jeff
Elder, Utility Director and his crew for their assistance.

Presentations –
Mr. Waite Rawls, Museum of the Confederacy – it is pleasure to be here.  We haven’t talked
publicly in the past few months but we have been busy making a lot of progress.  We’ve been
raising money.  It has taken us longer than we first expected.  We’ve raised over $6 million
dollars and the single largest contributor has been the Tobacco Commission.  The Tobacco
Commission challenged the MOC to bring in outside capital to the region with $2 million in
matching funds.  That amount has been met and exceeded.  There are five (5) other large donors,
three (3) of which are board members, John Now (Texas), Paul Bryant (Bear Bryant’s father)
(Alabama), Don Wilkinson (New York), Stan Johnson (Richmond, Va), Joe Luter (Smithfield,
Va).  Talks continue with other potential donors.  We are in the quiet phase of the campaign and
looking to close the gap of $1.5 million dollars to have everything funded.  That gap must be
closed before we can hire a contractor.  Once that gap has been closed, we will go back to work
with architects and contractors.  Once we break ground it will be 15 months before opening day.
The architects are beginning to work again on the site work regarding grade, sewer, etc.  It is
interesting and very important – the action of this town council really set into motion a lot of our
funding raising efforts.  It has made a huge difference to the donors and Tobacco Commission.
This is going to be the single largest project for the sesquicentennial event around the world.  It
will get quite a bit of notice from around the world.  About 10% of our visitor’s come from

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 12, 2010

somewhere other than the United States.  He stated that he is looking forward to the day of
installing exhibits rather than designing them.

Council had no other questions and thanked Mr. Rawls for attending and providing an update.

Mrs. Nina Beasley – Thanked the Mayor and Council Members for allowing me the opportunity
to speak on behalf of the out of town water customers.  The purpose of my presentation is to
present a petition on behalf of the out-of-town water customers by requesting that the
Appomattox Town Council equalize the “Out-of-Town” water rate with the “In-Town” water
rate.  [From the petition] If the Appomattox Town Council does not equalize the “Out-of-Town”
water rate with the “In-Town” water rate, we the undersigned “Out-of-Town” water customers
of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, do hereby respectfully request that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors use any and all means necessary, as prescribed by law under the Code of
Virginia, to ensure that the “Out-of-Town” water customers will have the opportunity to utilize
water from the U.S. 460 (Concord to Appomattox) waterline, once available, because:  (1)  We
believe that the U.S. 460 (Concord to Appomattox) waterline will provide Appomattox with an
adequate, reliable water source for its citizens and businesses; and
(2)  We believe that it will provide us, the “Out of Town” water customers with a lower water
rate than is presently charged by the Town of Appomattox, which will, in turn, lower our monthly
water bill.

The petition was signed by 85 individuals who all complained about the quality of the town’s
water and the price.  I have 3 questions:  1.What is the justification for higher out of town water
rates specifically 50 % more?  2. Is there any debt service on the infrastructure serving out of
town water customers?  3. Is the Town transferring any tax dollars from the general fund into the
water department to subsidize water rates?

It is my understanding that some people believe that the Walton Place Well was purchased by the
Town.  This is untrue.  The Well was a gift to the town along with a $20,000 donation.  I hope
you will give this petition a favorable review.  Thank you for your consideration.

Mayor Harvey stated that after talking with Mr. Mayberry, Chairman of the Utility Committee
and Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager the Utility Committee will meet concerning the
request with an honest review and discussion and reply within the next several months.

Unfinished Business –
None

New Business –

Councilmember Baine explained the creation of Chapter 90 – Town Economic Development
Authority Ordinance.

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 12, 2010

Mayor Harvey read the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Ordinance Committee appointed by the Appomattox Town Council has met, and
by majority vote recommends that the Appomattox Town Council adopt the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox adopted the Vision Plan on February 23, 2010 which
identified a desire to create a Town Economic Development Authority or Advisory Board, and;

WHEREAS, the following is a policy statement for Chapter 90 – Economic Development
Advisory Board of the Code of the Town of Appomattox,

a)
b)

c)

d)

The Town shall play an active role in economic development opportunities;
The focus will be on attracting lodging, dining, and tourist attractions to
complement its Civil War History;
The creation of a Town Economic Development Advisory Board can make the
significant presence of tourism related businesses a reality;
The Town will promote business and industrial development within and areas
adjacent to the town limits, and;

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox Town Council voted to enact Chapter
90 – Economic Development Advisory Board on Monday, April 12, 2010.

Vote:
Baine – aye
Mayberry – aye
McDearmon – aye
Williams – aye
Carter – absent
Jamerson-Scruggs – absent

Motion carried 4-0.

Mayor Harvey presented and Council gave consensus to the following proclamation:

 TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
ARBOR DAY PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS, Arbor Day has been observed throughout Virginia and the Nation for more than 120
years, and

WHEREAS, trees provide many benefits to the community, including clean air, windbreaks, noise
reduction shade, and energy savings, and

4  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 12, 2010

WHEREAS, planting and maintaining trees provides opportunities for community interaction,
volunteerism, economic development, and environmental conservation, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees provide
habitat for birds, and

WHEREAS, trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business areas, and
beautify communities, and

WHEREAS, trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration, and

WHEREAS, the last Friday in April of each year is designated by the Virginia General Assembly
as Arbor Day in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby proclaim the
30th day of April, 2010 as our Second Annual Arbor Day.

Appointments to Board, Commissions and Committees -
None

Pending Matters -
None

Council Concerns -
Councilmember Mayberry asked why council members were not notified of the Citizens
Academy that began on Thursday, April 8, 2010 before it started.  Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise stated
that he was waiting until he had received enough applications before starting the program.
Finally, at the end of March 2010 the threshold of 5 applications had been received.  Mr. Van
Nieuwenhuise apologized for the lack of communication.  Councilmember Williams asked if Mr.
Van Nieuwenhuise could provide a summary of the first session and of those remaining.  Mr.
Van Nieuwenhuise advised that the first session included general government and tourism.  The
next sessions were scheduled for April 15, 22, and 29.  The 15th would focus on the Utility
system, the 22nd would contain Finances and Budget and the 29th would provide an overview,
possible tours and certificates of participation.  There were 11 participants, 3 of which were town
residents and at least 2 students and their professor.

Councilmember Baine thanked everyone involved with the events at Clover Hill Village.  The
merchants had a great weekend.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

