ref: reel_02_0249
date: 1950-08-21
content: A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on August 21, 1950 with Mayor B. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: Chas. F. James, J. E. Jamerson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, T. Moses, Jr. and E. G. Dressler.

Mr. William Goff appeared before the Council in behalf of Ray Ferguson to have the Town require Certified Licensed Electrical work done in the Town of Appomattox according to the State Building Code and under the inspection of an Electrical Inspector. No action was taken by the council at this time but it was agreed that within the very near future something should be done to improve the electrical work done here.

L. Harry Goin and E. L. Johnson appeared before the council requesting some improvement on Martha Street including a drain and a Street Light. On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by Chas. F. James and carried the matter was turned over to the Street Committee for consideration.

On a motion by C. T. Moses, Jr. seconded by C. S. Jenkins and carried, painting of the old water tank was authorized by Mr. A. A. Lane of Lynchburg, Virginia for the sum of $850.00 as per his agreement dated March 25, 1950.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

A letter from Mrs. Lester B. Harvey requesting better lighting of the street in front of her residence was read and referred to the Street Committee for investigation and recommendations.

A letter from the office of Bazman Civilian Defence was read and referred to the Mayor for handling.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. the necessary grading and draining of Cemetery Road with a machine was authorized, the office having on this date received the proper deeds to the thirty foot right of way to same from Dr. Wiley M. Morris and Mrs. L. L. B. Smith.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by J. E. Jamerson and unanimously carried the following ordinance and enforcement of same was approved: Be it ordained by the Appomattox Town Council that after due publication, under a penalty of not less than $1.00 nor more than $5.00 it shall be unlawful to park or leave any motor vehicle on either side of Main Street from Church Street West to the Hotel Corner and on Church Street from Dr. Christians Corner North to Poe's Hardware and Haley's J. C. House building any day except Sunday from 8 A. M. to 5 P. M. (Effective after publication.)

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by J. C. Caldwell and carried the Mayor was requested to make arrangements with Mrs. F. L. Murphy to prohibit parking on the east side of Church Street in front of her store and that space be reserved for Dr. Christian's car on the west side of Church Street opposite his office.

On a motion adjourned. Signed E. Carroll Smith Clerk E. Carroll Smith

Signed B. B. Buchanan Mayor
chunk_id: 19733
record_id: 753
page_number: 1

