ref: reel_02_0533
date: 1969-02-12
content: Committee Meeting

The Street Committee met in the Town Office on February 5, 1969 at 7:30 P.M., with Chairman Burke Guill, Mrs. C.H. Robinson, and H.L. Bass present.

The Committee checked and approved the revision of the House Number Directory. The Town Manager was instructed to notify anyone whose house number is different from that shown in the telephone directory.

Signed ___________ Chairman
Burke Guill

Signed ___________ Clerk
C.J. Booth

Special Meeting

A special meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on February 12, 1969, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, F.C. Hubbard, and J.L. Webb.

Mayor Pack presented the "Proposed Zoning Ordinance for the Town of Appomattox" to the Council and stated that the Appomattox County Planning Commission recommended that the Town Council accept it.

Mr. Marsh, of the State Planning Commission explained the ordinance.

Holland moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That the Town Council and Appomattox County Planning Commission advertise and hold a joint public hearing on the ordinance. The motion was carried unanimously.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Holland seconded that approximately $27.00 be donated to join with other municipalities in the intervention of the M.T.W. rate case. Motion carried.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed ___________ Mayor
H.B. Pack

Signed ___________ Clerk
C.J. Booth
chunk_id: 20003
record_id: 1023
page_number: 1

