ref: reel_02_0434
date: 1961-02-01
content: Mayor Pack said that the proposed lab building at the sewer plant is in the planning stage.

Members of the Council expressed themselves as being favorable to obtaining a forty foot right-of-way for Highway 1009 within the Town limits.

Mayor Pack reports that Mr. C. J. Hunter had been paid up through the day of his death. Mr. Holland moved and Mr. Guill seconded that Mr. Hunter's wife be paid for two weeks of accumulated leave that Mr. Hunter was entitled to. Motion carried.

Mayor Pack requested that the Town Manager and the Property Committee be authorized to purchase a new adding machine. Mrs. Robinson moved, and Mr. Wingfield seconded that this be done. Motion carried.

Mayor Pack reported that Mr. R. B. Haley had requested that the Town reduce his $75.00 water bill. The Council felt that this would be improper and did not grant it.

Mr. Holland moved and Mr. Hubbard seconded, that old Town records be destroyed if approved by the Town Auditor. Motion carried.

The bills were read and approved.

Mr. Holland suggested that separate accounts be kept of each Town Vehicle. The Auditor will be asked about it. He also suggested that a system of purchase orders be set up.

The Council authorized that a new top be put on the old oak desk, and the hot iron treatment be applied to the loose spots on the new tables in the Council room.

A general discussion was held on the pay of Town employees.

The Council then adjourned.
chunk_id: 19918
record_id: 938
page_number: 1

