190

Regular Meeting - September 9, 1985

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, September 9, 1985, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, R. L. Bass,
Ray Noble, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter.

Others present: 0. B. Garris, Gayle Griiser, Bill Sherrod, Jim
Sefter, W. R. Britton, dr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved
the Agenda with the addition of Item 5, New Business, Parking on
Court Street, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the
minutes of the August 12, 1985 meeting as submitted and all those

. present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. 0. B. Garris appeared before Council to speak concerning the
flood damage which he claims he received during a recent rainfall.
Mr. Garris submitted a bill for $8,505.17 for the damages.

Mr. Conner made the motion to refer to the Property Committee, but
the motion died for lack of a second.

Mr. Bass recommended the bill for damages be submitted to the Town's

Insurance Company, and work out an equitable solution to this problem.

A written request for damages from Shearer B. Robertson was atso
turned over to the Insurance Company.

Mr. Britton reported on the easements for right-of-way's for the
Sewer Project and the Inflow and Infiltration project.

On'a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council granted
permission to Mr. Britton to apply for the Inflow and Infiltration
monies, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to
participate in the upgrading of the P.A. System downtown at one-third
of the costs along with the Festival Board and the County Board of
Supervisors participating in this project. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
support the decorations for downtown Appomattox from the Appomattox
Extension Homemakers Council, and appropriate $50.00 to defray the
cost.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb=aye
Motion carried.
