ref: reel_02_0536
date: 1969-03-17
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on March 17, 1969 at 7:30 PM. Members present were Mrs. C. H. Robinson, R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Lucy Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and H. L. Webb. The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The Mayor announced the land adjoining the sanitary fill will cost $300.00.

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the Town purchase the land. Motion carried unanimously.

Holland moved and Guill seconded that the following additions be made to Chapter 12 of the Town Code:

Sec. 12-15. It shall be unlawful to place any dead animal in or on the Town Sanitary Fill. Anyone convicted of violating this ordinance shall be fined not less than $10.00 nor more than $200.00, plus costs.

Sec. 12-16. It shall be unlawful for anyone to discharge any firearm on the Town Sanitary Fill property. Anyone convicted of violating this ordinance shall be fined not less than $10.00 nor more than $200.00, plus costs.

Sec. 12-17. The Town Manager is authorized to offer a reward of $20.00 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone guilty of violating any portion of Chapter 12 of the Town Code. Effective date is to be 3-20-69.

The Mayor announced that the Town has been authorized to operate the two-way radio for the Fire Department.

It was decided to have the annual 'Clean Up Week' starting March 31, 1969.

Bass moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the Fidelity National Bank be granted a building permit to build a branch bank at 301 Mosby Street. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Webb seconded that Carwile Construction Co., Inc. be granted a building permit for a duplex dwelling at 23 East Patricia Anne Lane. Motion carried.

Bass moved and Webb seconded that Mr. Twyman Baldwin be granted a building permit for a dwelling at 36 Edgewood Street. Motion carried.

Bass moved and Webb seconded that Carwile Construction Co., Inc. be granted a building permit for a dwelling at 311 E. Confederate Blvd. Motion carried.

chunk_id: 20006
record_id: 1026
page_number: 1

