1  Workshop Meeting
October 28, 2008

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on October 28, 2008 at 7:00
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Charles Pearson, Mary
Williams, Mr. And Mrs. Van Opstal, Chad Millner, Cliff Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Ben Harvey,
Anne Dixon, Audrey Wright, Patrick Shroder, Bill Burke, Tommy O’Brien, Fred Jones, Sarah
Watson, Stephanie James, Paul Michael Raymond, Benny Harvey, Derek Norfield, Carlton
Duck, Frank Wright, Town Attorney, David Garrett, Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette,
Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order at 7:10 p.m.

Mayor Harvey addressed the audience with the recent occurrence of vandalism to campaign
signs in Appomattox County and reminded citizens of Halloween safety on Friday, October 31,
2008.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded Mr. McDearmon and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council adopted the following resolution:

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE PURCHASE OF LAND

Whereas, the Appomattox Council held a public hearing on Tuesday, October 27, 2008 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia to hear
citizen comments regarding the purchase of land in Appomattox County for the purpose of
providing a location for construction of the Museum of the Confederacy; and

Whereas, the land is located in the County of Appomattox, and is described as follows:

4.00 acres, being a corner lot to be established, fronting on State Route No. 1011 (Burge Road)
and State Route No. 656 (Horseshoe Road), such lot being a portion of property more
particularly identified as Tax Map #64(A)95 on the Tax Records of the County of Appomattox,
Virginia, with its specific boundaries being shown upon a plat made by William W. Dickerson,
Jr., L.S., entitled “4.00 Acres Surveyed for:  Fred H. Jones,” dated August 15, 2008, and;

Whereas, the Town of Appomattox has executed a contingent contract for the purchase of the
aforesaid property; and

Whereas, the contingent contract and a detailed plat are available for review at the Appomattox
Town Office, Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, and;

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby adopt this
resolution on October 28, 2008 at a duly called Workshop Meeting and the purchase of the
abovementioned property by the Town of Appomattox through the execution of the Contract for
Sale of Real Estate shall take effect immediately.

2  Workshop Meeting
October 28, 2008

Clerk of Council

VOTE:  Bryan J. Baine – aye, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry – aye, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr. - aye,
John T. “Plicky” Williams - aye, Karl E. Carter - aye, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs - aye.
Motion carried.

Council gave consensus to table item #2 – Update on the creation of a Credit Card Policy to the
November 10, 2008 regular meeting agenda for consideration.

Council also gave consensus to table item #3 – Discussion of Procedures for Distribution of
Multiple Projects under Basic Ordering Agreement to the November 10, 2008 regular meeting
agenda for consideration.

COMMITTEE REPORTS:
Finance Committee – Mr. McDearmon reported that a committee meeting has been called for
November 5, 2008 at 5:00 p.m. to discuss the investment of town funds.

Fire & Safety Committee – Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs reported that the County of Appomattox is
updating the Emergency Plan.  The committee will discuss the updates when they become
available and will inform council at a later date.

Ordinance Committee – Mr. Carter reported that the committee continues to draft a Sign
Ordinance.

Personnel Committee – Mr. Williams reported that the committee met on Monday, October 27,
2008 and discussed the Town Manager position.  The job descriptions have been revised for the
current position of Town Manager/Zoning Administrator/Director of Public Works and for the
positions of Town Manager/Zoning Administrator (excluding Director of Public Works) and
Director of Public Works (excluding Town Manager/Zoning Administrator).  The committee is
requesting all council members review and discuss the job descriptions.  There is some urgency
to hire for one or two positions so there is no lapse in service or duties.

Street and Property Committee – Mr. Baine reported that progress continues by the Community
of Candles committee.  The event is scheduled for Sunday, December 7, 2008.  The sidewalk and
retaining wall on Oakleigh Avenue is in disrepair.  Crews have formed the sidewalk and
retaining wall.  The wattage of the street light on Second Street has been corrected.  Progress
continues on the break room downstairs at the town office.

Utility Committee – none

STAFF REPORTS:
Treasurer’s Report – attached

Clerk’s Report – attached

3  Workshop Meeting
October 28, 2008

Town Manager’s Report:

•  After ten (10) years of planning, we have installed two of the four welcome signs.  We

are planning to install lighting and landscaping.

•  Leaf Collection will begin November 1, 2008.

•  Staff continues to monitor the copper limits at the Trickling Filter Plant.  Staff will be

meeting with DEQ within the next two weeks.

•  The well pump has been installed in Well #15 and we are hoping the well will be back on

line within the next 30 days.

•  Staff has been working to install the altitude valve at the 100,000 gallon tank.

•  Staff has been working with the consultants to validate the water and sewer lines, street

lights, manholes, zoning maps, etc.

•  Staff has been inundated with dog complaints.

•

Installed the speakers in the council chambers.

•  Update on the remodeling downstairs.  Staff is removing the bay door for a brick wall

and window.

•  Staff has filled the vacant position of Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator.  The

employee has met with the Personnel Committee.

•  Capital Improvement Plan – The manager is working with the Utility Committee.  There
are no significant changes to the sewer system, but there are some changes to the priority
of lines within the water system.  Maps are being created that will easily identify each
project.

Town Attorney – no matters to report

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs and with all members
present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

