ref: reel_02_0622
date: 1972-09-18
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held on Monday, September 18, 1972 with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. Members present were Mrs. Robinson, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb. Those also present were Sam Kerr, Commonwealth Attorney, Mrs. Beck Hudson, and Mrs. Frances Paulette, reporters for the Times-Virginian. The meeting was opened with a prayer. The minutes of the last meeting were read. They were amended to read 'a mobile travel agency' instead of 'a mobile travel unit.' Mr. Holland asked if the Town could raise the cost of the Town tag from $5.00 to $10.00. Mr. Pack reported he had received an answer from Virginia Municipal League to whom he had written about the tag rate. The letter stated the Town could raise the cost if the tax rate had not already been set for the coming tax year. The council requested that Mr. Kerr check with the County on what they were planning to do. On a motion made by Conner and seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Mr. W. S. Kerr was appointed as attorney for the Town. Motion carried. Guill made the motion and Hubbard seconded that the following resolution be passed: WHEREAS, Both sides of High Street from its intersection with Bandana St. to its intersection with Moses Street are in need of curb and guttering; AND WHEREAS, The Town of Appomattox does not have the equipment nor personnel to do this work, and can not get the work done locally; BE IT RESOLVED, That the Virginia Department of Highways be requested to supply the personnel and equipment to perform this work. The Town agrees to pay for the cost of all constructing materials used in this project. On a motion made by Mrs. Robinson, seconded by Mr. Guill the following resolution was passed: WHEREAS, The Town of Appomattox by letter dated August 8, 1972 committed itself to Thomasville Furniture Co., Inc. to extend Virginia Avenue at its intersection with Ferguson Avenue to the Thomasville property line; AND WHEREAS, The State Highway Department will accept 0.25 miles of Town streets each year in to the State Highway System. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the Appomattox Town Council approves the extension of Virginia
chunk_id: 20092
record_id: 1112
page_number: 1

