1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 29, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, July 29, 2014 at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Tommy Terry, Daniel Puckette, Wayne and Rachel Lee, Katrina Koerting, Carlton
Duck, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer, Bill Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager, and
Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Claudia Puckette introduced Hollie S. Cammarasana, VML Director of Communications.  Ms.
Cammarasana presented a powerpoint presentation explaining the benefits of communicating
especially through a social media website with residents and citizens.  Mrs. Cammarasana
emphasized the quality of material over the quantity.

Report from the Priority and Initiatives Chairs:

Communications – Mrs. Claudia G. Puckette:
Ms. Puckette reported that the Town picnic is scheduled for Friday, September 26, 2014 from
6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. at the W. M. Abbitt Memorial Park in Downtown Appomattox.

Relationships/Managed Growth – Mr. Steve T. Conner:
Mr. Conner  reported that has spoken with members of the School Board, Board of Supervisors
and Planning Commission in hopes of working better together.

Infrastructure – Mr. N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry:
Mr. Mayberry reported that the Infrastructure Committee met to discuss blighted properties.

Garden Spot – Ms. Mary Lou Spiggle:
Ms. Spiggle reported that the committee continues to move forward with garden spots.

Finance – Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.:
Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee has not met since finalizing the budget.

Water Park – Mr. Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett:
Mr. Garrett reported that he has scheduled a committee meeting for Thursday, July 31, 2014 at
4:00 p.m.

Standing Committee Updates:
Finance & Planning – no report

Physical Development Committee – no report

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 29, 2014

Staff Member Updates:
Town Clerk – reminded Council of the upcoming Annual VML Conference in Roanoke,
Virginia.

Town Treasurer – none

Town Manager – none

Council Concerns:
None

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 8:07
p.m. with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

