1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 14, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, July 14, 2014
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, and Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Dr. Calvin Gray, Pastor of New Jerusalem Baptist Church; Katrina Koerting, News and
Advance; Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie,
Jr., Town Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Dr. Calvin Gray led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order.

PH – 07142014 - 01 Voluntary Boundary Adjustment

Take notice that both the Council of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia and the Board of
Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia intend to approve a Voluntary Boundary
Adjustment Agreement whereby a certain small parcel of land containing 0.07 acres now located
in the County would be brought within the Corporate limits of the Town.

This small parcel was inadvertently not included in the recent Voluntary Boundary Adjustment
whereby a certain 23.28 acre parcel of land formerly located in the County was made part of the
Corporate area of the Town by Order of the Circuit Court for Appomattox County, Virginia
dated December 3, 2013.  This small 0.07 acre parcel is adjacent to the 23.28 acre parcel and
both parcels are contained in a new 23.35 acre parcel shown on a plat of survey made by Larry
E. Hartsoe, C.L., dated September 24, 2013, Revised September 16, 2013 and April 8, 2014.

The Town Council intends to take action to approve said Agreement at its regularly scheduled
meeting on July 14, 2014 and shall hold a public hearing on the Agreement on that date at 7:30
p.m. prior to taking action at 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

The Board of Supervisors intends to take action to approve the Agreement at its regularly
scheduled meeting on July 7, 2014 and shall hold a public hearing on the Agreement at that
meeting at 7:00 p.m. prior to taking action at 171 Price Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.

A copy of the proposed Agreement as well as said Plat of Survey are on file with the Clerk of the
Appomattox Town Council and the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors for Appomattox County.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 14, 2014

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey congratulated the local FFA for being voted #1 in the State of Virginia.

Scheduled Public Appearances – Council Member Spiggle introduced Gene Williams who
composed and recorded the “12 Unknown”.  The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
unanimously voted it as the official County song.  The song is about the confederate cemetery on
Old Courthouse Road.  Mr. Williams sang a couple of verses and the chorus.

Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Williams for presenting this to Council.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Councilmember Puckette, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda as presented for July 14, 2014 with the addition of NB #7 –
Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2015 Operating Budget for the General
Fund FY 2014-2015 for the installation of a new fence at Abbitt Park.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Council Member Garrett, seconded by Council Member Spiggle, Council voted
to authorize Paul D. Harvey, Mayor to execute the following:

Voluntary Boundary Adjustment Agreement

This agreement made and entered into this ____ day of ___________, 2014, by and

between the County of Appomattox, Virginia (“County” herein) and the Town of Appomattox,
Virginia (“Town” herein).

---WITNESSETH---

That for and in consideration of the mutual benefits to these political subdivisions of the

Commonwealth of Virginia, the County and Town hereby covenant and agree pursuant to
Section 15.2-3106 et seq., Code of Virginia as follows:

1)

That a portion of the boundary line between County and Town shall be changed
and a new line established, which change shall have the effect of bringing a small
0.07 acre parcel of the geographical area of the County within the corporate
limits of the Town.

2)

That County and Town has followed the procedures set forth in Section 15.2-3106
of the Code of Virginia before taking action to adopt this Agreement.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 14, 2014

3)

4)

That County and Town shall as soon as practicable after adoption of this
Voluntary Boundary Agreement file a Petition for approval of said Agreement in
the Circuit Court for Appomattox County following the procedure as set forth in
Sec. 15-2-3108, Code of Virginia.  That the costs of said proceedings, including,
but not limited to, survey and court costs shall be borne equally between County
and Town.

This small parcel was inadvertently not included in the recent Voluntary
Adjustment whereby a certain 23.28 acre parcel of land formerly located in the
County was made a part of the Corporate area of the Town by Order of the
Circuit Court for Appomattox County, Virginia dated December 3, 2013.  This
small 0.07 acre parcel is adjacent to the 23.28 acre parcel and both parcels are
contained in a new 23.35 acres plat shown on a play of survey made by Larry E.
Hartsoe, C.L., dated September 16, 2013, revised September 24, 2013 and April
8, 2014 and attached hereto.

WITNESS THE FOLLOWING SIGNATURES AND SEALS this the ___ day of ____________,
2014.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Puckette – aye, Conner
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Council Member Mayberry, seconded by Council member McDearmon, Council
voted to write off uncollected debts that have exceeded the statue of limitations – total of
$4,739.92.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Council Member McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to accept the FY 2013 Audit Report as presented by Brown, Edwards & Company, LLP.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to approve the
amendment to the Employee Handbook revising the Grievance Procedure.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to adopt the Report
of Harassment Form and appoint the Facilities Director and Clerk of Council as the compliance
officers.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Council Member Spiggle, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council
nominated Steven T. Conner to the Board of Zoning Appeals.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 14, 2014

On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

1.

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2015 Operating Budget for the
General Fund for FY 2014-2015 for the installation of a new fence at Abbitt Park

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2015 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2014-2015 for the
installation of a new fence at Abbitt Park

General Fund Expenditures
Property Maintenance & Construction
Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues

Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

  $ 20,000
 $  20,000

$  20,000
$  20,000

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2015 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 14th day of July 2014.
Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk

Town Manager Update –
None

Citizen Comment period –
None

Council Concerns –
Ms. Spiggle congratulated the Appomattox Machine Pitch – 7 and 8 year old boys of the
Appomattox Youth Sports program for the win of the State Championship.  They will be headed
to the World Series in Arkansas.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 14, 2014

On a motion by Council Member Garrett, seconded by Council Member Mayberry, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

