ref: reel_02_0776
date: 1974-11-01
content: NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council requests that the State Highway Department erect 3 hour limited parking signs in lieu of one hour limited parking signs along North Church Street from its intersection with Highland Avenue and State Route 460.

Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Slagle explained the purpose of the Housing Policies Plan and reported on the public hearing regarding it held on November 14, 1974 at Brookville High School.

Mr. Slagle also reported that the "Rogers" Company was notified that the Appomattox Community wished to continue with Railroad Day in the same fashion as in the past.

Mr. Slagle also reported that the "Children Playing" signs are not standard highway signs and as such are illegal on State Streets.

Hubbard made a motion to donate the two hundred fifty dollars (250.00) to the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce as per their request, seconded by House. Motion carried.

Spiggle reported on the difficulty of and the expense involved in collection of delinquent water accounts. On a motion by Conner, seconded by House the following policy was adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, That the Appomattox Town Council hereby adopts the following as a policy for the billing of and collection of water service charges:

1. That every water customer of the Town of Appomattox shall establish a mailing address or make some other acceptable arrangements to receive water bills. Failure to do so will result in water service being discontinued to these customers.

2. That bi-monthly water bills shall be due and payable by the first day of the following odd numbered month. Failure to pay by the prescribed date and after proper notice water service will be discontinued.

3. That in all instances where water service has been discontinued because of nonpayment of the water bill a fee of ten (10.00) dollars will be required before water service is resumed.
chunk_id: 20227
record_id: 1247
page_number: 1

