ref: reel_02_0779
date: 1974-12-16
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, December 16, 1974 at 8:00 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: M. J. House, Jr., Ronald Spiggle, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, R. C. Hubbard, and Mrs. Robinson.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mrs. Robinson made the motion to dispense with the reading of the minutes, seconded by Ronald Spiggle. Motion carried.

Mr. Guill reported that Mr. Pittman and Mr. Pierce, of the Highway Department, had recommended that we should either remove all limited parking signs along Church Street from its intersection with Highland Avenue to 460 or to leave them as they are. Council decided to leave the signs as they are.

Mr. House reported that the Fire Department has found a gasoline water pump for sale. The original price is $500.00 but they can purchase the pump for $200.00. They have approached the Board of Supervisors and they are willing to pay one half the cost. They would like to ask Council to support them by donating the other $100.00. Mr. House made the motion to pay the $100.00, seconded by Mr. Spiggle. Motion carried.

Mr. House also requested the Town Manager to check into the possibility of a leaf vacuum system.

Mr. Slagle reported he had received a letter from the Rescue Squad stating they would like to tie in their communication system with the 46.58 frequency in order to provide direct communication between the Rescue Squad, and Town and County governments. It was the consensus of the Council that they would have no objections to this request.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor

Signed B. H. Mullins Clerk
chunk_id: 20230
record_id: 1250
page_number: 1

