ref: reel_03_0224
date: 1977-06-13
content: WHEREAS, the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Inc., has deemed it necessary to exchange Parcels "2" and "4" for Lot "E"; and on the plat by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated January 25, 1977, and attached hereto and made a part hereof;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox, Inc. enter into a deed of exchange with Continental Telephone Company of Virginia, exchanging Parcels "2" and "4" for Lot "E" designated on a certain plat of survey made by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated October 4, 1975, revised May 17, 1976, of record in the Clerk's Office in Plat Book 2, Page 2.
Conner- aye Guill- aye Spiggle- aye House- aye Hubbard- aye
Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to adopt the following resolution:
BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Inc. in regular session on June 13, 1977, to dedicate to public use an alley to be used by the public, described as Parcel "1" as shown on a certain plat of survey made by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated January 25, 1977, recorded in the Clerk's Office in Deed Book 132, page 37.
Conner- aye Guill- aye House- aye Hubbard- aye Spiggle- aye
On a motion by Mr. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to adopt the following resolution:
BE IT RESOLVED, by the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Inc., in regular session on June 13, 1977, to dedicate to public use for a public way, parcel "E" designated on a certain plat of survey made by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated October 1, 1975, revised May 17, 1976, of record in the Clerk's Office of the Circuit Court in Appomattox County Virginia, in Plat Book 2, Page 2 and Deed of Dedication recorded in Book 132, Page 37.
Conner- aye Guill- aye Hubbard- aye House- aye Spiggle - aye
Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, to adopt the following ordinance to vacate an alley:
(See attached copy)
Conner- aye Guill- aye Hubbard- aye House- aye Spiggle aye
On a motion by House, seconded by Spiggle, the following resolution was adopted:
BE IT RESOLVED by the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Inc., in regular session on June 13, 1977, to dedicate to public use for a public way, Parcels "F" and "A" designated on a certain plat of survey by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated October 1, 1975, revised May 17, 1976, revised April 21, 1977, and recorded in Plat Book 2, Page 9.
Conner- aye Guill- aye Spiggle- aye Hubbard- aye House - aye
On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adopt the VEPCO Rate Contract.
Conner- aye Spiggle- aye Guill- aye Hubbard- aye House- aye
chunk_id: 20415
record_id: 1435
page_number: 1

