ref: reel_03_0092
date: 1976-05-10
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 10, 1976 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Those present were R.C. Hubbard, M.J. House, Jr., R.C. Spiggle, Burke Guill, and Mrs. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. W.E. Jamerson appeared before Council to discuss the parking situation for his property on Court Street. Mr. Pack brought Council up-to-date on the previous negotiations.

Mr. Jamerson stated he would agree to the proposed 40 foot entrance as per letter dated April 28, 1976 from T.E. Pittman to W.S. Kerr on the following conditions:
1. That a commercial entrance permit be issued and he be allowed off-street parking on this site.
2. That no parallel parking in front of this site be permitted.
3. That the Town pay all legal fees incurred by Jamerson-King Realty Co.
4. That some retraction by somebody for the newspaper article of February 12, 1976 or at least equal space explaining the situation.

Mr. Guill brought up the problem of Route 1009 for discussion by Council. Discussion followed and the Mayor referred the situation to the Street Committee for their recommendations.

Mr. House made the motion that we accept the proposed forty foot entrance as explained by Mr. Pittman in his letter of April 28, 1976 to W.S. Kerr, seconded by Mr. Hubbard (see attached copy).

Mr. House - Aye
Mr. Guill - Aye
Mr. Hubbard - Aye
Mr. Conner - Absent
Mrs. Robinson - Aye
Mr. Spiggle - Abstaining

Mr. Spiggle brought up the need for a new copy machine. Council referred the matter to the Account & Finance Committee for their action.

Mr. Slagle reported that a form letter had been sent out to property owners on Court Street concerning the electric
chunk_id: 20303
record_id: 1323
page_number: 1

