ref: reel_03_0304
date: 1978-06-01
content: AND WHEREAS, THE Town of Appomattox guarantees the right-of-way exists, and is the required unencroached thirty foot as shown on a Zoning Map of the Town of Appomattox drawn by May-Hines & Associates, Consulting Engineers;

AND WHEREAS, Linden Street from Court Street, east, 229 feet back to Burke Street is an existing street in the Town of Appomattox and has been since before July 1, 1962;

AND WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox guarantees the right-of-way exists and is the required unencroached thirty feet as shown on a Zoning Map of the Town of Appomattox drawn by May-Hines & Associates, Consulting Engineers;

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town Council for the Town of Appomattox request the Virginia Department of Highways to take over for maintenance and/or construction Route 1009, Highland Avenue, and Linden Street, for the 1978/79 allocation from the State Highway Department.

Conner - aye Guill - aye Hubbard - aye House - aye Spiggle - aye Bass - aye

Council approved Mr. Britton attending the Emergency Services School June 3rd through June 18, 1978.

Council discussed the use of the Ball Park and maintenance that was needed.

It was decided by Council to give the Youth Program priority and after that first come, first serve basis. The scheduling will be handled through the Town Office.

Mr. House made the motion, seconded by Mr. Spiggle, with all members voting yes, to purchase five Fire Alert Systems and request the County to pay half, of the purchase price.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20486
record_id: 1506
page_number: 1

