1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 27, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 27, 2019 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present: Jonathan Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Steven T. Conner.

Absent: Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Bruce Drinkard, Michelle Payne, Carlton Duck, Jeff Elder, Kim Ray, Treasurer;
Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne Casto, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Workshop meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

Notice  is  hereby  given  that  the  Town  Council  of  the  Town  of  Appomattox,  Virginia  (the
“Council”) will hold a public hearing to receive public comment and to consider the adoption of:
(1) a proposed Resolution (the “Interim Note Authorizing Resolution”) authorizing the issuance
by  the  Town  of  an  aggregate  not-to-exceed  $2,500,000  Town  of  Appomattox,  Virginia
Promissory Note (the “Interim Note”) to the Farmers Bank of Appomattox (the “Bank”), and (2)
a  proposed  Resolution  (the  “Bond  Authorizing  Resolution”)  authorizing  the  issuance  by  the
Town of Appomattox, Virginia (the “Town”) of an aggregate not-to-exceed $3,780,000 Town of
Appomattox, Virginia Sewer Revenue Bond, Series 2017, in one or more series (the “Bond”), to
the United States of America, acting through Rural Utilities Service, an Agency of United States
Department of Agriculture (“RUS”).

The Town shall use the proceeds of the Interim Note and the Bond, together with other monies
lawfully  available  to  the  Town  to  pay  capital  costs  in  order  to  provide  a  portion  of  the  funds
needed by the Town to (i) acquire, construct, rehabilitate, and equip various improvements to the
Town’s sewer system and facilities related thereto,  including but not  limited to Trickling Filter
Sanitary Sewer Basin Rehabilitation – Phase I – Repairs to the sanitary sewer collection system
and Phase II – The construction of a sanitary sewer pump station and associated force main and
(ii)  pay  issuance  costs  in  connection  with  the  Interim  Note  and  the  Bond  (collectively,  the
“Project”).

The Bank has offered to provide interim financing  for the Project represented by  the Interim
Note in an original principal amount up to $2,500,000.  The interest on the Interim Note shall be
2.250% per annum for a term up to 12 months.  The payment of the principal of and interest on
the Interim Note shall be unsecured.

The  Bond  would  be  issued  by  the  Town  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  a  letter  to  the  Town  dated
April 29, 2015, amended letter dated July 17, 2018 from RUS (the “Letter of Conditions”) and
further,  the  provisions  of  the  Bond  Authorizing  Resolution  and  the  Form  RD  1780-27  Loan
Resolution, as required by RUS to set forth the form and details of the Bond to be considered for

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 27, 2019

approval by the Council on August 27, 2019 during the workshop meeting thereof.  The  Town
will also consider approval of the Form RD 1780-12 Grant Agreement.

As  set  forth  in  the  Letter  of  Conditions,  RUS  has  advised  that  the  Project  is  eligible  for
permanent,  long-term  financial  assistance  which  shall  consist  of  a  $3,780,000  loan  represented
by  the  Bond  and  a  grant  in  an  amount  up  to  $1,879,000,  subsequent  RD  grant  not  to  exceed
$3,501,000 for a total funding award for the Project in an amount up to $9,160,000.  The interest
on the $3,780,000 loan to be represented by the Bond shall be 2.125% per annum for a term up
to 40 years.  The payment of the principal of and the interest on the Bond shall be secured by a
pledge  of  the  revenues  of  the  Town’s  sewer  system  on  parity  with  all  other  obligations  of  the
Town  secured  by  revenues  of  the  Town’s  sewer  system.    The  Town  also  shall  provide  for  the
establishment  and  maintenance  of  reserve  accounts  in  connection  with  the  Bond,  as  required
under the Letter of Conditions.

The  public  hearing,  which  may  be  continued  or  adjourned,  will  be  held  on  Tuesday,  August
27,  2019  at  6:00  p.m.,  at  the  Appomattox  Municipal  Building,  located  at  210  Linden  Street,
Appomattox, Virginia 24522.  Any person interested in the Project, the Town’s issuances of the
Interim Note or the Bond, or any other matters in connection with such total financial assistance
to the Town (all as described above) may appear at the hearing and present his or her views.  The
Council  may set time limits on speakers  and other  rules and procedures for the conduct of this
public hearing.

Information  regarding  the  Project,  including  such  total  interim  and  permanent  financial
assistance, may be inspected by the public at the Appomattox Municipal Building located at the
address  given  above.    Written  comments  may  be  forwarded  to  the  Council  prior  to  the  public
hearing in care of the Town Manager at the address given above.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember J. Garrett, Council
adopted a resolution authorizing a $2.5 million-dollar operating line of credit with the Farmers
Bank of Appomattox.  Town Council authorized any two of the four following individuals to
sign any necessary documents associated with this line of credit on behalf of the Town of
Appomattox:  Paul D. Harvey, Mayor; Timothy W. Garrett, Vice-Mayor; Gary Shanaberger,
Town Manager; Kimberley Ray, Town Treasurer.
Vote:  J. Garrett – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember T. Garrett, Council voted
to adopt the following budget resolution:

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 27, 2019

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the Sewer Fund
for FY 2018-2019 for the carry forward of funding of incomplete projects from FY 2018

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the Sewer Fund for FY 2018-2019 for the carry
forward of funding for incomplete projects

Sewer Fund Expenditures
31-7000-6141 I & I Project - Engineering

Total Net Increase in Expenditure Budget

Sewer Fund Revenues
31-5901-0000 Use of Beginning Balances

            $205,874.78

            $205,874.78

            $205,874.78

Total Net Increase in Revenue Budget

            $205,874.78

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2019 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 27th day of August 2019.
Vote:  J. Garrett – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Resolution amending the FY 2020 Operating Budget
On a motion by Councilmember T. Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adopt the following budget resolution:

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General
Fund and Sewer Fund for FY 2019-2020 for the carry forward of funding of incomplete projects
from FY 2019

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General Fund and Sewer Fund for FY 2019-2020
for the carry forward of funding for incomplete projects

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 27, 2019

General Fund Expenditures
10-5000-8000 CDBG/Meadowlark

Sewer Expenditures
31-7000-6140 I & I Project – Engineering
31-7000-6142 I&I Project – Construction
Total Net Increase in Expenditure Budget

General Fund Revenues
10-3806-0000 CDBG/Meadowlark

Sewer Fund Revenues
31-5901-0000 Use of Beginning Balance
31-5804-0000 USDA
Total Net Increase in Revenue Budget

$  257,767

$  147,220
$  758,271

                                    $  1,163,258

$ 257,767

$  147,220
$  758,271

            $  1,163,258

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2020 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 27th day of August 2019.
Vote:  J. Garrett – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Committee Reports:
On a recommendation by the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to approve a
payment plan for a utility customer who experience a burst water hose.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Council Concerns:
None

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Town Treasurer provided the financial report as of July 31, 2019.

Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director – no report

Mrs. Casto, Clerk – Written report provided

Mr. Gary Shanaberger provided updates on the following items:

➢  He continues to speak with companies about the possibility of fireworks for July 4, 2020.
There are several companies no longer coming to Virginia.  The Cole’s are agreeable to
the Town using their field for the demonstration/staging.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 27, 2019

➢  Downtown Revitalization Grant – Staff met with DHCD and has 90 days to get under
contract.  There is preliminary paperwork to complete within the 90 days.  The next
committee meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, September 11, 2019 at 5:30 p.m. at the
Appomattox Visitor’s Center.  Mr. Shanaberger acknowledged the work of the
committee, EDA, and Town Council for their commitment to the project.

➢  Vultures – USDA is waiting for the Town to combat the feral cat issue and then they will
arrive in Appomattox to contend with the vultures.  VRSA awarded a grant to the town in
the amount of $2,000.  This project will cost the Town $600.00.

➢  ROSE Project, Inc. – The ROSE garden committee met and will schedule another

meeting again in 30 days.

➢  Meadowlark Project – A contract has been selected for the last phase of work regarding
grading and drainage.  The project is expected to be complete in December 2019.

➢  Staff has been working hard with the ongoing projects.

Council provided consensus to move forward with the referendum for November Town Council
elections and staggered terms for Council Members.  The Town Attorney will draft the necessary
documents.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 6:40 pm.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

