1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 10, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, November 10,
2014 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Members absent:  Steven T. Conner.

Economic Development Authority Members present:  Lisa Pannell, Bob Goode, Chad Millner,
and Andy Carroll.

Economic Development Authority Members absent:  Phillip Jamerson.

Others present:  Katrina Koerting, News and Advance; Carlton Duck and Brian Moore, Alive
Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager; and
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments:
Council participated in their annual retreat on Friday, November 7, 2014.  The retreat was led by
Mr. Gillespie and staff.  Council received the Master Plan from HDLA, the beginning phases of
the comprehensive plan from Region 2000 and Christine Kennedy, Lynchburg Regional
Chamber of Commerce provided leadership coaching/development to Council.  Mayor Harvey
thanked everyone for participating.

On Wednesday, November 5, 2014, the Town experienced a wonderful day with the
announcement of Lindenburg Industries in the old Thomasville building.  Lindenburg Industries
anticipates adding 340 jobs at an average annual salary of $32,000 plus benefits over a 3 year
period.  Mayor Harvey said a special thank you to staff for preparing for the event.  Mayor
Harvey also thanked Mr. Gillespie for all his efforts in this area of economic development
growth.  Mr. Gillespie was highly instrumental in assisting with this project.

Scheduled Public Appearances – None

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda of November 10, 2014 with the addition of NB #3 – Consideration to approve the request
to close streets for the 2014 Christmas Parade on November 30, 2014 at 3:00 p.m.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 10, 2014

Unfinished Business –
None

Andy Carroll, EDA Chairman called the Appomattox Town Economic Development Authority
to order for their Special Called meeting.

Mr. Gillespie explained the incentive policy and how it applies to the Performance Agreement
for Lindenburg Industries.

On a motion by Mr. Millner, seconded by Ms. Pannell, the Appomattox Town Economic
Development Authority voted to authorize Chairman, Andy Carroll to execute the Performance
Agreement with Lindenburg Industries on behalf of the EDA.
Roll call vote:  Pannell – yes, Carroll – yes, Millner – yes, Goode – yes.  Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to authorize Mayor
Harvey to execute the Performance Agreement with Lindenburg Industries on behalf of the
Town of Appomattox.
Roll call vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Mayberry – yes, Puckette – yes.
Conner – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Mr. Gillespie will send a Thank You to letter to Mr. Davidson with Campbell County for all of
his assistance.

On a motion by Mr. Millner, seconded by Mr. Goode, the EDA voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to cancel the
November 25, 2014 and December 23, 2014 Council Workshop meetings.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve a request
from Anne Dixon, Director of Parks and Recreation to close certain Town streets for the annual
Christmas Parade on Sunday, November 30, 2014 at 3:00 p.m.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Treasurer’s Update –
Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer provided an overview of the September 2014 finances for the
Town.

Town Manager Update –
Mr. Gillespie advised that the job description for the position of Town Manager would be placed
in trade magazines for advertisement with a cutoff in December or January however; the position
would be open until filled.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 10, 2014

Citizen Comments – none

Council Concerns –
Ms. Spiggle inquired about planting tulips in town soon so they could be in full bloom by April
2015.  Anne Dixon has volunteered to plant them.  Ms. Spiggle believes the purchase would be
under $50.  The bulbs would be purchased locally.  She respectfully requested that the Town
purchase them.  If the Town is unable, she and the Mayor will split the cost.

Claudia Puckette thanked Mr. Gillespie for all his efforts in securing Lindenburg Industries.  She
feels like a cloud has been lifted.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m.
All member present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

