ref: reel_02_0070
date: 1945-12-04
content: Regular meeting of Council. Mayor W.H. Duncan presiding and the following members present: A.J. Murphy, R.P. Jamerson, Joe James, Joe Hendes, O.H. Wttn and C.C. McDermon.

Minutes of last meeting read and approved. The Clerk read the opinion of Atty Gilcrest with reference to the right of Council to donate water funds to the War Fund. Atty Gilcrest expressed his opinion strictly adverse to such expenditure of water funds. This opinion referred by Mayor to be VERY CAREFUL in the construction of the law in matters of flood defense powers and the general welfare power. Such expenditure may contribute to same.

In the principle case involving the drainage at the Dalek property shown on 6th St., the City awaits whether the Town has any contracts involved and it is a matter subject to further investigation.

(On Motion by Mr Murphy 2nd Mr Hunter that the town donate the sum of $25.00 as the purchase on one type writer machine for the County of Public Deference, approved.)

(On motion by Mr Murphy 2nd Mr McDermon that the night Police go and duty every day at 2 P.M. and off at 1.30 A.M. Except one day on at 7 P.M. off 12. until further notice. Carried.)

On motion by Mr James 2nd Mr McDermon that the Council ask the night Police to move to apartments to live. Carried.

On motion by Mr Hunter 2nd Mr Jamerson that the town provide M.J. Caldwell space on Main St for gasoline for her office to park two more cars at weekly rental of $1.50 each. Carried.

On motion by Mr Hunter 2nd Mr Jamerson that the Town enact the following Ordinance.
chunk_id: 19566
record_id: 586
page_number: 1

