ref: reel_02_0115
date: 1945-12-07
content: Regular meeting of council Mayor Jones presiding and the following members present: J. Guching, J. H. Woods, E. A. Jamerson, C. K. Hamilton, A. C. M. McGovern, Attorney B. C. Frank. Minutes of last meeting read and approved. Mr. Cooke of the Rotary Club appeared to retire Mr. Rounds. In opinion from Special Committee looking to all Pine Hill. On motion Mr. Ryu was instructed to ask for quotations on care show from other firms before placing an order. On motion duly made and carried it was decided to leave the questions of piping the main catch for sale according to the Harmon Cadd property to the Bridge on Jameson on Country Road down the pipe. The Chairman will buy contract. The council appointed to investigate the activities of the Night Police reported that of permanent he chose to embrace the night police. Report submitted and the Mayor acting, was asked to outline the terms of service by the Night Police and a general outline of duties from 2 PM on duty to 5:30 PM on duty from 5:30 PM to 6:30 PM on duty from 6:30 PM to 12:30 AM. He is instructed to include the evening stations of Morris Robertson, and charge over the territory to be patrolled. And to make the Mayor Office his headquarters. On motion by McGovern, Mr. Jamerson that the Mayor instruct the red light at the rear of the next of the depot house to be sure from the intersection of Church and south Front Ave., Main Street connecting old Church St. and Route 460. Leave to operate the phone, ethical phone office to notify Night Police of a call.
chunk_id: 19611
record_id: 631
page_number: 1

