ref: reel_03_0821
date: 1982-12-01
content: Page 2 - December, 1982

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to
authorize James C. May & Associates to proceed with the Engineering
and Design for the Regional Facility.

Noble-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Carter-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to
authorize James C. May & Associates to prepare the Fixed Assets
Balances as proposed in their letter of December 13, 1982, at a not-to-
exceed figure of $4000.00 for both Water and Sewer Funds and to be
credited to the balance due the Town of Appomattox by James C. May
& Associates. (Copy in Council file December, 1982.)

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved the
Financial Statements for October and November, 1982, and all members
present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to adopt
the Proposed 1983 Budget: Totals listed below:

General Fund Expenditures  212,754.00
General Fund Capital Expenditures  35,000.00
Water Fund Expenditures  66,970.00
Water Fund Capital Expenditures  24,230.00
Sewer Fund Expenditures  33,305.00
Sewer Fund Capital Expenditures  75,495.00
  447,754.00

Revenue Sharing  15,628.00

Mandated Programs  1,153,700.00

Total  1,617,082.00

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried.

Council discussed the three bids for purchase of a new
Copier for the Town Office.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to purchase a new 3-M Copier from 3-M, at a price of $3,089.45
less trade-in of $1,000.00 out of the Revenue Sharing Account.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20842
record_id: 1862
page_number: 1

