ref: reel_03_0506
date: 1979-07-09
content: It was the general consensus of Council that they would like to have the standpipe on the 30,000 gallon water tank repainted and put the costs of repainting the 30,000 gallon tank in the budget for 1980.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, to adopt a proposed amendment to Sec. 3-3, Hours for Sale of Beer and Wine, of the Town Code. (See attached copy)

Carter-aye  Conner-aye  Bass-aye  Lawson-aye  Hubbard-aye

Council referred the proposed improvements to Harrell Street to the Street Committee and authorized Mr. Britton to work with the Committee.

The Street Committee was requested to begin work on the Street Allotments for 79/80 to be turned over to the Highway Department for maintenance. A copy of the proposed Streets to be turned over was presented to Council for their consideration.

Mr. Britton informed Council of the Final Public Hearing on the 460 By-Pass to be held August 15, 1979, at 7:30 P.M. at the Appomattox Elementary School. He advised Council that the Board of Supervisors was opposed to the proposed route.

Chief Ford presented a request from Chief Swan, for the contribution to the Regional Drug Squad. Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, to drop out of the Regional Drug Squad program and write a letter to that effect.
Conner-aye  Carter-aye  Bass-aye  Gordon-aye  Hubbard-aye

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to enter into the program offered by the Division of Justice and Crime Prevention to receive compensation for the Law Enforcement expenditures; it is understood that the Town will maintain a Police Department from July 1, 1980 to June 30, 1982, but the Council reserves the right to withdraw from the program should the mandates become too stringent for Appomattox.

Conner-aye  Carter-aye  Bass-aye  Gordon-aye  Hubbard-aye

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter to authorize Mr. Britton to obtain bids on a compact car to be used by him and the Police Department as needed, and limit the Specs to 6 cylinder, air conditioner, and A.M. Radio.

Council discussed the noise problem at Thomasville again and requested Mr. Britton to obtain copies of the Newport News Noise Ordinances and to contact E.P.A. For assistance.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, it adjourned at 10:05 P.M.

B.M.
chunk_id: 20653
record_id: 1673
page_number: 1

