ref: reel_03_0510
date: 1979-07-24
content: The Special Called Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, July 24, 1979 at 7:00 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding. Those present were M. E. Gordon, T. W. Lawson, S. E. Carter, R. C. Hubbard, T. E. Conner, and Mr. R. L. Bass arrived late. Also present were: D. H. Gaulden, District Engineer, T. E. Pittman, Resident Engineer, Charlie Williams, Assistant Resident Engineer, Bill Bower, Engineer, from the Virginia Department of Highways, and Dr. S. R. Lawson, Chairman, Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Britton presented the revised ordinance on the Wastewater Facility to Council as prepared by McQuire, Woods, & Battle. (See attached copy) Motion was made by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to advertise for two weeks in the local newspaper the ordinance with the changes, on the Regional Waste Water Facility. Conner-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried. On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council accepted the recommendation of the Property Committee to accept the bid from Moses Motor Company for a 1980 Citation at a price of $5400.00 with trade-in of a '75 Chevrolet Impala. Conner-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried. Mr. D. H. Gaulden, District Engineer, Virginia Department of Highways, briefed the Council members on the major design features for the proposed Rt. 460 By-Pass to be presented at the Public Hearing set for August 15, 1979. Mr. Gaulden and Mr. Bower answered questions from the Town Council and Dr. Lawson on the By-Pass. Mr. Britton informed Council that we have received notification from HUD that grant funds in the amount of $151,000.00 have been reserved for the Town of Appomattox for Water Distribution System Improvement. He then presented the different alternatives available to the Town to fund the balance of the construction costs for the waterline to the Tank. Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to use the Town's funds to make-up the difference in the total project costs of the waterline construction to the Water Tank. Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried unanimously. After a lengthy discussion, it was the general consensus of Council, that they would pay May-Hines & Associates for re-design work and administrative costs incurred by them to re-advertise for bids for the waterline construction but would pay no other additional costs, as they feel they have paid the total Engineering fees when the project was first designed. There being no further business, that can come before the Special Council meeting, they adjourned at 8:35.
chunk_id: 20657
record_id: 1677
page_number: 1

