1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
October 12, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Tuesday, October 12, 2021,
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – Aaron Tilton, Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G.
Puckette and James J. Boyce.

Absent – Nathan Simpson

Others present – Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Chad Hodges, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.; Jeff
Westbrook, Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne W. Casto,
Clerk of Council.

The meeting was also broadcast Live on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner commented on the success of this year’s Appomattox Railroad Festival.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for Tuesday, October 12, 2021, as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
None

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizens Comment Period:
None

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
October 12, 2021

Town Manager Updates –
Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following activities:
➢  The Inflow and Infiltration Sewer project is on schedule.
➢  The Church Street Water Line Replacement project should be ready for the bidding

process in December or sooner.

➢  The Council Retreat is scheduled for November 5, 2021, at the Frozen Food Locker.
➢  The Town EDA meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, October 13, 2021, at 6:00 p.m.
➢  Continues to seek appointments for the Board of Zoning Appeals and the Town Planning

Commission.

➢  The October 26, 2021, Workshop meeting is going to be a busy night with two (2) public

hearings.

➢  Commented the Appomattox Railroad Festival appeared to be very successful.

Council Comments –
Spiggle – none

Garrett – none

Boyce – none

Tilton – none

Puckette – The Harvey family dedicated a bench to the Courtland Festival Park on Friday,
October 8, 2021.  What a wonderful gesture.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

