1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
April 27, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Wednesday, April 27,
2016 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Frank Wright, Town Attorney; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne W.
Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Closed Session –
On a motion by Council Member McDearmon, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of the performance of a specific public
appointee of the Town, specifically being Appointee A.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Puckette and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
April 27, 2016

Mr. Gillespie discussed the proposed FY 2017 Town Budget by providing a recap of the 15/16
and 16/17 budgets with no significant increase in the revenues or expenditures.  The budget is
nearly flat.  The other changes to the proposed budget include an additional deputy for the Police
Department of the budget, creation of an internal service fund, fully funded Capital Improvement
Plan, and up to a 2% merit increase based on performance for employees with no cost of living
increases for FY 2017.  Additional budget concerns included a request by Anne Dixon for a
donation for the lighting project at the Community Ball Park on Police Tower Road and a request
by the Chamber of Commerce for a donation to offset their financial distress.  There was no
discussion or decision regarding these additional items.

Mr. Gillespie discussed with Council the request to change the Zoning Ordinance for permitted
uses within Section 195-56 of the Appomattox Town Code to allow residential apartments
provided they are located above the ground floor level in a building where the ground floor is
used for another permitted use.  Council cited parking problems and fire code alternations
necessary for this request.  Mr. Gillespie cited he would pull the item from a proposed public
hearing until the item could be discussed further.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Garrett would like to move forward with a recognition dinner for the first responders of the
Tornado.  He would like for the event to include first responders from the initial touchdown of
the tornado until the last victim was found.  He has a list of the agencies and would like for the
Town to consider this a community appreciation event.  He proposes using the High School
cafeteria for the large crowd as it has plenty of parking.  A definite number of people will need to
be determined, a date for the event and a caterer.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 8:05 p.m.
Vote: Garrett –yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

