ref: reel_02_0755
date: 1974-01-01
content: Mr. Slagle explained to Council that the State Legislature is considering a bill that would provide the same participation to town police departments that is provided to the County. Mr. Slagle suggested we submit this item to the Virginia Municipal League for consideration in the 1975 legislative program.

The minutes of a Street Committee meeting were read.

On a motion by R. C. Hubbard, seconded by Mrs. Robinson, Council voted to accept the Street Committee's recommendations for street allotments in the form of the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia, that the Virginia Department of Highways is hereby requested to take over the following streets for construction and/or maintenance for the remaining Town 0.25 mile allotment for fiscal year 1973-74.

1. North Church Street from Route 460 to Patricia Anne Lane for a total distance of 300 feet. Right-of-way 40 feet recorded in Deed Book 118, Page 87 and also in Deed Book 118, Page 90.

2. Dogwood Street from Morris Avenue to Evergreen Avenue for a total distance of 600 feet. Right of way 50 feet recorded in Deed Book 117, Page 467.

Ayes 6 Nays 0

Mr. Slagle reported he had written a letter to Mr. Hughes of Norfolk & Western Railroad and suggested remedies to the railroad crossing problem. Work will be scheduled to begin Monday, May 27, 1974 on the lower Railroad crossing.

Council authorized Mr. Slagle to have Commerce Street and Wembly Street surface treated with Town forces but felt more information was needed on Morris Avenue.

Mr. Slagle advised the Appomattox County Planning Commission had recommended to the Town of Appomattox that a matter of expansion of the Times-Virginian Office be referred to the Board of Zoning Appeals. In view of the fact that Times-Virginian Inc. had already appealed the matter to the Board of Zoning Appeals no further action was taken.
chunk_id: 20206
record_id: 1226
page_number: 1

