ref: reel_03_0299
date: 1978-03-13
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, March 13, 1978 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were R. C. Hubbard, Burke Guill, R. C. Spiggle, R. L. Bass, and Thomas E. Conner.

Those also present were Liz Browning and Cindy Waldin, Central Virginia Planning District Commission Planners, Terrell Griffin, Criminal Justice Training Center, and Chief James R. Ford, Jr.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mrs. Browning spoke to Council on a planned seminar which will be "a Learning Process" for the local people on any subject of interest to the public. She explained along with Mrs. Waldin, the reason and basis for these seminars. A tentative date was set for May 18, 1978 at the Appomattox County High School.

Terrell Griffin, C.J.T.C., gave a brief summary of the work and activities of the Training Center of which he is in charge.

Mr. Britton reported on the bids for the re-drafting of the Town Code. Council discussed these quotes but took no action at this time.

Council authorized Mr. Britton to check on possible grants for Recreation in Appomattox.

Council also agreed to offer container pick up service to apartments and businesses if they want it.

A request for no parking signs at the intersection of Court Street and Morton Lane was discussed. On a motion by Mr. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Guill, with all voting aye, Council requested that one "No Parking" sign be placed at the intersection of Court and Morton Lane.

Mr. Guill reported that the Street Committee met and discussed several streets within the Town that were in need of repaving. The Highway Department could do this work at a cost plus 10% basis with the Town providing the rock. Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard to accept the quote from the Highway Department and have them pave Cawthorne Street, Morris Avenue, Lucy Street, East Patricia Anne Lane and Ethel Street.

Conner - aye  Guill - aye  Bass - aye  Spiggle - aye  Hubbard - aye

Mr. Guill reported that the Street Committee also discussed the Streets to be turned over to the Highway Department for maintenance. They recommended that Maple Street for a distance of 600 feet and Martha Street for a distance of 635 feet and the remaining 85 feet on Harrell Street.

Mr. Guill made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard to adopt the following resolution:

WHEREAS, Maple Street from the intersection of Lee-Grant, south for 600' feet is an existing street in the Town of Appomattox and has been since before July 1, 1962:

AND WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox guarantees the right-of-way exists and is the required unencroached thirty (30) feet as so shown on a Zoning map of the
chunk_id: 20481
record_id: 1501
page_number: 1

