ref: reel_03_0032
date: 1975-03-10
content: A meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on March 10, 1975 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Those members present were R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, R. C. Spiggle, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved and minutes of the committee meeting were read.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

A motion was made by House seconded by Hubbard to deny the request by Mrs. H. B. Stanley and Mr. J. T. Guill, Jr. to change Section 3-3, Hours for Sale of Beer and Wine in order to permit the sale of beer and wine on Sunday's. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Spiggle seconded by Hubbard to accept the Water Committee's recommendation with regard to water service to the Triangle Plaza Shopping Center.

It was the consensus of Council that a new garbage body and chassis was needed and authorized the Town Manager to proceed with the development of the necessary specifications for the body and chassis.

It was the desire of Council that the standard design for curb and gutter and sidewalk along Evergreen Avenue be modified if possible in order to reduce the right-of-way necessary for that portion of the project west of the intersection of Evergreen Avenue with Hunter Street.

Slagle reported that one fire truck radio had been changed over to the 39.50 frequency and that the others were in the process of being converted.

A motion was made by Hubbard seconded by Guill to enter into a contract with Dominion Tank and Iron Company to clean and paint the 30,000 gallon water tank. Motion carried.

Mr. Spiggle and Mr. Slagle explained the thrust of their anticipated presentation before the State Water Control Board on March 24, 1975 and requested Council's support. It was the consensus of Council that Mr. Spiggle and Mr. Slagle could speak for the entire Council.

A motion was made by House seconded by Hubbard to change Section 2-9, When and Where Meetings of Mayor and Council Held to read: The Mayor and Council shall meet on the second Monday of each month in the Town office and shall also meet at any other time to which it may adjourn or be regularly called.

Mayor Pack and Councilman Spiggle expressed an interest in attending along with Mr. Slagle the Stream Classification review meeting at the Central Virginia Community College on April 8, 1975.
chunk_id: 20243
record_id: 1263
page_number: 1

