320

Regular Meeting - February 8, 1999

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, February 8, 1999 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: Norman Mayberry, R. L. Bass,
Joyce Bennett, Marvin Mitchell, Rick Pack, and Steve
Lawson.

Others present were: S. E. Carter, Lloyd Cobbs, Ken Milton,
Cindy Smith, William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, David T.
Garrett, Jr. and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council
approved the Consent Agenda and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to accept the recommendation of the Planning
Commission.and grant the special exception to allow a
radio station in a dwelling on Harrell Street in a B-1
Zone, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council
voted to grant the Conditional Use Permit to Bass and
Milton Construction Co. as recommended by the Planning
Commission for 4, 2 bedroom apartments on Lee Grant Avenue
in a R-2 Zone.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-
aye Bass — abstained from voting due to his past
affiliation with Bass & Milton Construction Co

Mr. Lawson, Chairman of the Street Committee reported that
they have met. They are still waiting for R. C. Stephens

survey. Also, they requested that we have Virginia Power

take a look at the light on Bandana Street.

“_

Marvin Mitchell reported the Property Committee had met on

the Downtown Project and decided they would rather have the
brick crosswalk and to redesign the handicapped ramp at the

Depot moving the ramp to the Main Street side.

