ref: reel_03_0466
date: 1979-05-14
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 14, 1979 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Members present were: R. L. Bass, T. E. Conner, S. E. Carter, T. W. Lawson, and M. E. Gordon. Absent - R. C. Hubbard.

Those also present were: Mr. W. W. Parks and Terry Moore, State Air Pollution Control Board; Bruce Cowan and Larry Belton, Armstrong Cork Company; Mr. T. E. Pittman, Virginia Department of Highways; Mrs. Annie Sears, Mrs. F. M. Gay, Mr. & Mrs. Dick Wingfield, Mr. & Mrs. James C. Whitehead, Mr. & Mrs. Buddy Carson, Jamie Carson, Ray Noble, Mr. J. L. Gordon, Jr., Claudia Gordon, Cloud Abernathy, citizens, Town Manager Britton, and Clerk, Mrs. R. W. Mullins.

The meeting was opened with a prayer by Samuel Carter.

The reading of the minutes was dispensed with at this time to hear the visitors.

Mr. T. E. Pittman, Resident Engineer, presented the Highway Department's solution to the traffic problems on Route 460 and Route 131. He requested Council to adopt a resolution as prepared by Town Manager Britton concerning a right turn lane and moving the signal light.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Gordon, the following resolution concerning the traffic problems on Route 460 and Route 131, was adopted:

(See attachment #1)

Conner-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Motion carried.

Mr. Bruce Cowan & Mr. Larry Belton, present brief reports on the activities and corrective measures taken by Armstrong Company to prevent air pollution and instill noise control.

Mr. Parks & Mr. Moore, from the State Air Pollution Control Board presented their findings at the Armstrong Plant in Appomattox.

The Citizens present asked pertinent questions of the Armstrong representatives and where given assurances that they would try to determine the source of the problems.

Mayor Spiggle read the proposed Amendment and Reenactment of Chapter 4 of the Town Code to the Council members. (See attachment #2)

Citizens who spoke against this proposed ordinance were: James Whitehead, Mary Whitehead, Jamie Carson, Buddy Carson, Nancy Carson, Cloud Abernathy, Mrs. F. M. Gay, and one spoke in favor of the ordinance, Ray Noble. Those not present but requesting to go on record in opposition were: James Moore and Dr. Kenneth Powell.

A motion was made by Mr. Bass to table this proposed ordinance, but died for lack of a second.

Mr. Lawson made the motion to defeat this proposed ordinance on Animal Control, seconded by Mr. Carter.

Lawson-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Gordon-nay Conner-nay
chunk_id: 20616
record_id: 1636
page_number: 1

