1 Public Hearing
   Monday, July 11, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a public hearing on Monday, July 11, 2011 at 7:15
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others Present:  Rev. Rusty Small, Bill Jamerson, Stephanie James, Benny Harvey, Lucy
Harvey, Bill Goodrich, Carlton Duck, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; C. William Gillespie,
Interim Town Manager; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of
Council and Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the public hearing:
An application presented by Jamerson Real Estate and John and Louise Roach to close a
certain parcel of real estate, referred to as Fleshman Street.  This “street” has never been
opened or paved and exists only as a drawing upon a plat of survey found recorded in the
Office of Clerk of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia in Deed Book 24 at
Page 184 and as shown on Plat of Survey by Elizabeth R. Rosser dated March 11, 2011.

Public Comments

Bill Jamerson, President of Jamerson Real Estate said we made that request after we
bought that property; we call it the Wheeler property and demolished the houses.  There
is an alley back behind those houses it had six single family lots.  I contacted the
adjoining the neighbors, the Roaches.  We also contacted the other adjoining neighbors,
they are not really involved.  That’s the reason we thought about closing the alley and
taking it off the books.  Thank you.

There were no other comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

