1  Regular Council Meeting

July 29, 2008

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on July 29, 2008 at 7:00 pm in
the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Beckie Nix, Waite Rawls,
Charles Garrett, Bob Hopkins, Benny Harvey, Cliff Harvey, Pudding Childress, Nina Beasley,
Debbie Baine, David Baine, Joyce Bennett, Chad Millner, Leslie Austin, Bill Slagle, Mary
Williams, Mary Lou Spiggle, Barbara Shelton, Pastor Raymond & Mrs. Raymond, Stephanie
James, Carlton Duck, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager
and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey welcomed all the citizens and staff to the meeting.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Williams, with all members present voting
“aye” to adopt the Code of Ethics and Standards of Conduct Policy for the Appomattox Town
Council.  Motion carried.

The Appomattox Town Council discussed the Bylaws and Rules of Procedure for the
Appomattox Town Council.  There were several changes suggested.  The Appomattox Town
Council will consider the Bylaws and Rules of Procedures of the Appomattox Town Council at
the Regular Council Meeting on August 11, 2008.

Update on the Town Welcome Signs –
Mr. Garrett provided the Council Members with an update from Bruce Signs, Inc. regarding their
suggested changes to the Town Welcome Sign.  Bruce Signs completed the layout on July 28,
2008.  Mr. Garrett suggested that Council Members advise him of layout changes.

Mayor Harvey has had at least seven citizens approach him since the placement of this item in
the Times Virginian upset with the Town using “Where our nation reunited” and both local
historians Cecil Harvey and Tommy Terry have expressed it is historically inaccurate use of
“Where our nation reunited”, creating bad feelings with the County, since it is already on the
County signs.  It would be a misrepresentation on the town’s behalf since the nation did not
reunite within the town limits.  Mayor Harvey recommended that the Council consider the
feelings/requests of these citizens.  Mr. McDearmon also received a phone call from Ms. Harvey
who was adamant about her feelings.

Mr. Baine questioned if “Where the Nation Reunited” is on the county signs.  Mr. Baine said he
agrees with Ms. Harvey about the Where the Nation Reunited.

Mayor Harvey did convey that he has spoken with Mrs. Nix concerning this item before the
meeting.  Mrs. Nix expressed concern that it is an important part of our tourism approach for
tourism and our town.  Mayor Harvey thinks Council should consider this item based on the
feedback.

2  Regular Council Meeting

July 29, 2008

David Garrett also contacted VDOT regarding the easements at the sign locations to discussed
what the town and VDOT had discussed 1 ½ years ago.  The sites are approved.  The approval is
in place - VDOT is going to take the information from the site locations, the layout of the sign
(dimensions) and put it into an application format.  The town may have to pay a fee for the
application.  The outcome would enable the town to have an appropriate application.  VDOT
strongly recommended not installing the sign at the Wal-mart entrance because of the long
turning lane for Wal-mart.  VDOT recommended the town wait on the application for Rt. 26 and
Rt. 460 (WEST) because of the development with turning lanes, etc.

Mr. Garrett advised that he has been working with the Town Attorney concerning an easement
with Glory Baptist Church.  Since the property is owned by a Baptist church in Virginia, there
are steps involved with obtaining an easement.   Mr. Wright advised Council of those steps. The
Town Attorney is estimating that the town would be finalizing the easement with the church
within 30 days.

Mr. Carter asked if the price of the sign, still the same?  Mr. Garrett reported that it is with the
exception of the labor costs associated with manufacturing the signs individually rather than all
four signs at once.  Mr. Williams asked for clarification regarding who and what companies will
be responsible for what.  Mr. Garrett responded that Bruce Signs will only manufacturing the
sign, engraving the lettering.  The Town Staff will dig the foundation for the sign.  The town
would employ a rock layer, Bruce signs would install the sign, town staff would landscape.
David would like to install a solar panel for the lighting of the sign.

Mr. Garrett reported that at the sign location on Rt. 24, VDOT has given approval for a 30 ft.
drainage pipe that will need to be placed where the location of the sign is to be placed.

Mr. Carter received a phone call from someone who wanted slate rather than rock.  Mr.
McDearmon feels like the sign, Welcome Historic Appomattox, incorporated 1925 should read
Welcome to Historic Appomattox, Incorporated 1925.  Mr. Carter asked if the “Welcome to”
could be placed in a circular pattern.  Mr. Garrett said he would ask Bruce Signs to prepare a
layout for consideration.  Mr. Carter and Mr. Williams concur with the suggestion of Mr.
McDearmon “Welcome to Historic Appomattox, Incorporated 1925”.

Item #4 will be placed on the Regular Council Meeting agenda for August 11, 2008.

Mrs. Paulette reported that the Lease Agreement for the DMV was received from the Town
Attorney with the revisions as suggested at the July 14, 2008 Council Meeting.  The tenant and
Town Manager have executed the DMV contract.

Discussion of the town owned property – standardized contract.  Council asked staff to prepare
sample lease agreements which Mr. Wright specifically worked on.  Mr. Wright explained
various components of the lease agreements.  This item will be placed on the Regular Council
Meeting agenda for August 11, 2008.

3  Regular Council Meeting

July 29, 2008

On  a  motion  by  Mr.  Williams,  seconded  by  Ms.  Jamerson-Scruggs  with  all  members  present
voting “aye”, Council voted to amend the Travel Policy with regards to mileage reimbursement
reading  -  Personal  vehicles  may  be  used  for  transportation  only  when  a  town  vehicle  is  not
available.  Travel required by the Town will be reimbursed at the established rate of $0.585 per
mile, based on odometer readings for the use of a personal vehicle.  Motion carried.

Mr. Baine, Chairman of the Street & Property Committee reported that there is only one street
light located on the First Street.  Mr. Garrett explained to Council that he would like for Council
to be abreast of the request before taking any action on the request.  Staff can contact Dominion
Virginia Power for a quote to install the requested light.  Mr. Baine will report on those findings
at a future meeting.

Mr. Paulette explained the VRS Resolution of Affirmation of Authorization to Pick-up the
Employee’s Contribution to the VRS for the Town of Appomattox, 55358, Under §414 (h) of the
Internal Revenue Code.  The resolution will be placed on the Regular Council Meeting agenda
for August 11, 2008 for adoption by the Appomattox Town Council.

Mr. Garrett explained the VDH Financial and Construction Assistance Programs Drinking Water
State Revolving Fund (DWSRF) Program Planning Grant Agreement Procurement process to the
Appomattox Town Council regarding the Requests for Proposals submitted to the Town.  The
Town needs to comply either with the scoring sheet in accordance with the state’s procurement
policy or interview process of selected firms.  Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs explained that Anderson &
Associates had helped the Town secure the grant from the Virginia Department of Health.  The
scoring sheets will be taken to the Utility Committee members for ranking and that needs to be
completed before the August 11, 2008 Regular Meeting.   Mr. Mayberry asked if it was
completed by the prior committee and it was not.  The Town Attorney advised that if one rating
sheet has been completed by one committee member, if another agrees with the other it would be
sufficient to meet the procurement.

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. McDearmon and with all members
present voting “aye”, Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of
the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the
investment of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where if made public
initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically
being the investment of public funds as incentives for prospective location of Business A to
Appomattox and specifically bring the discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox
County regarding the waterline from Concord to Appomattox.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

4  Regular Council Meeting

July 29, 2008

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Council gave consensus to allow staff reports being tabled to the next regular or workshop
meeting.

Beckie Nix, Director of Tourism gave a presentation for the months of May and June 2007.
Beckie Nix urged Council to consider using the name “Where our nation reunited”.  From a
tourism standpoint it is name recognition for our locality.  It is our localities “branding”.  It
would be a very sad day if it were not used.

Beckie gave an update on the regional passport program called “Give Me Five”.  It involves five
localities that will promote the regional program.  The program will be applying for a $10,000
grant to assist in the funding of the program.

The Pamplin Pipe Factory is being purchased by the Archeology Conservancy.  The High Bridge
State Park will end right across the street from the Pamplin Pipe Factory.

The 150th anniversary committee has hosted the local committee here in Appomattox.
Appomattox is the key element in the program.  All the culminating events are being planned in
Appomattox.  The General Assembly is providing the key steps to be followed.

The newspaper did an article on the Museum of the Confederacy in recent weeks.

Appomattox will be hosting a state wide Agri-Tourism Conference.  Developing agri-tourism in
other communities in September.

The visitor center report was prepared the first week of June.  The first page gives statistics about
the VIC.  Inquiries are up 61% in comparison from this May to May 2007.  Website hits are up
189% from where they were last year at this time.  The increase is credited to advertising.  This
is all great news…it’s the product of a great tourism program.  The increases tell us that the
marketing plan is working.

Mrs. Nix reported that she been working on the 2008-2009 advertising schedule.  An interesting
thing has happened because of gas, using the term “staycation”…  in a statewide realm, a
destination only one tank of gas… geared to something in this area.  A lot of the research shows
that visitation is coming from the DC area, North Carolina and Tennessee those located within
one tank of gas.

Mrs. Nix explained several of the new ads that are coming out… we really need to start working
on our online internet web presence in addition to printed ads.  There will always be several print
ads that will never go away.  There is a new type of advertising coming called personal mobile
trends coming out in a very competitive industry.  Mrs. Nix is very proud of what the program
has accomplished and thanked Council for their commitment to the program.

5  Regular Council Meeting

July 29, 2008

On a motion by Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. McDearmon with all members present voting
“aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 10:10 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

