1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 10, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 10, 2014
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Katrina Koetring, Stephanie James, Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
None

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey said he was approached by a citizen who would like to have a retreat/conference
entitled “Reconciliation of Government” for the sesquicentennial in 2015, possibly even inviting
Glenn Beck to host his retreat (outdoor event, 4-H Center) in Appomattox.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the Consent
Agenda with the addition of New Business #4 – Consideration to authorize a water adjustment
for the American Legion Post on Oakleigh Avenue, specifically to provide an average water bill.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

New Business –

Capital Improvement Plan FY 2014 – 2019
Mr. Gillespie explained that the 5 year Capital Improvement Plan (CIP) equipment and facility
improvements for water, sewer and general buildings of the Town.  This provides a picture of
what things will be addressed and the funding.  How the funding is programmed through the
revenue of the Town.  It is not a real busy Capital Improvement Plan for the next 5 years.

Mr. Conner – Are you going to put all 3 of them together or separate (General, Water, Sewer)?

Mr. Gillespie – All 3 go together in the CIP unless you have a question about something – we
can talk about that.

Mr. Conner – The way you explained it earlier we are automatically voting to spend $30,000 on
renovation at the Town Office and $30,000 on parking lot maintenance.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 10, 2014

Mr. Gillespie – Correct.

Mayor Harvey – Are there any other questions for Mr. Gillespie?  There were none.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the Capital
Improvement Plan FY 2015-2019.
Roll call vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – no,
Puckette – yes.  Motion carried 5-1.

2014 Priorities & Initiatives
Mr. Conner – These are things we would like to do, if we have the money, not guaranteed to do.

Mr. Gillespie – Obviously, some of them are not funded.  The initiatives are what we are talking
about.  We need to start laying the groundwork to get these things done.  As part of that, how
you’re going to fund it will come up.

Mr. Garrett – So this is more of a study that allows staff to do the groundwork to make projects
proceed?

Mr. Gillespie – Yes, because some of them we don’t even know what the numbers are.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Puckette, Council voted to adopt
the 2014 Council Priorities & Initiatives.
Roll call vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye,
Puckette – yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mayor Harvey then passed out the committee assignments for each member.  They are as
follows:
Mr. Conner – Relationship/Managed Growth Committee
Mr. Mayberry – Infrastructure Committee
Mr. McDearmon – Financial Committee
Mrs. Puckette – Communications Committee
Ms. Spiggle – Spot Floral Garden Project Committee
Mr. Garrett – Water/Splash Park Exploratory Committee

Mr. Gillespie advised that the first item that needs attention is the Legislative Day for the third or
fourth week in March 2014.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to amend the Travel
Policy by decreasing the mileage reimbursement rate from $0.565 to $0.56 effective
immediately.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to authorize a water
adjustment for the American Legion Post on Oakleigh Avenue, specifically to provide an
average water bill.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 10, 2014

Town Manager Update –

Mr. Gillespie reported on the Consent Order the Town has been under with DEQ for nearly 10
years.  The Consent Order was issued for high zinc levels.  Approximately 18 to 20 months ago,
the wastewater treatment staff started using lime in the setting basins to try to pull the zinc levels
down.  It is a relatively cheap fix about $10,000/year.  They have been able to maintain that level
for over 12 months.  When our consent order came due at the end of it (July 2013) DEQ wanted
to ensure that the Town could maintain those numbers for 6 more months.  The level has been
maintained for 18 months.  In the letter dated January 30, 2014 from DEQ, they stated that the
terms of the consent order have now been completed.  This is a milestone.

Citizen Comment period –
None

Council Concerns –
None

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at
7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

