1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 25, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, February 25,
2014 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Katrina Koetring, News & Advance; Stephanie James, Times Virginian; Alive Media
TV; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Jr., Town
Manager, and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Report from Priority & Initiatives Committee Chairs:

Water Park – Mr. Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett:
Mr. Garrett reported that the Water/Splash Park Exploratory Committee will be exploring the
feasibility of a water/splash park for the Town of Appomattox.  He will be moving forward with
getting the committee set up.

Finance – Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.:
Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee has not met with Town Staff yet but will be doing
so soon.

Garden Spot – Ms. Mary Lou Spiggle:
Ms. Spiggle reported that we will soon have equally as beautiful highways and byways as the
City of Lynchburg.  Next week she hopes to meet with the firms submitting proposals as a part
of the selection process for choosing a landscaping architect for the master plan for the Town of
Appomattox.

Infrastructure – Mr. N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry:
Mr. Mayberry reported that now the Town of Appomattox has an Economic Development
Authority in place and Council has identified a scope of work for the Authority.  The Town will
be sending a letter outlining the wants for the town.  The EDA will meet on March 20, 2014.

Relationships/Managed Growth – Mr. Steve T. Conner:
Mr. Conner reported that his committee will be working to coordinate the Legislative Dinner on
March 27, 2014.  He also plans to meet with state legislators in the coming weeks.

Communications – Mrs. Claudia G. Puckette:
Mrs. Puckette reported that her committee is also working on the Legislative Dinner.  She is also
planning for the committee to develop better ways to communicate with our citizens.  We would
like for the public to participate even more.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 25, 2014

Legislative Dinner
The dinner is planned for Thursday, March 27, 2014 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Community
Center and catered by the Babcock House.

Standing Committee Updates:
Finance & Planning:
Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on February 10, 2014.  The Town Treasurer
provided a monthly report and reviewed the reserves and money set aside for the Capital
Improvement Plan.  The committee also reviewed the Capital Improvement Plan/Projects for FY
2015.  Mr. Gillespie gave an update on the SBR plant building project.  He also reported that the
Consent Order for the SBR plant has been lifted and closed.  Mr. Gillespie updated the
committee on the burned house on Sunnydale Avenue.  Staff will continue to pursuing this and
return to the committee with an update.

Physical Development Committee:
Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met today, February 25, 2014 and heard a
presentation by the Railroad Festival Committee (Paul Harvey, Tony Clifton, Rhonda Guill)
requesting a monetary donation, some staffing assistance with trash barrels, banners, stage, etc.
The committee also toured the depot (on Main Street).

Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director recapped the visit from the railroad train station.  The Town
will begin a restoration process of the depot. This will include repairing and painting the roof
(ceiling) inside the current visitor’s center, relocating the current Visitor’s Center to the lower
end after remodeling that end, looking into grants to help with remodeling. The Town will also
advertise a Request for Proposals for future businesses to lease the large space (current Visitor’s
Center).  It is the desire of the Town to restore the depot to its original colors and plans.

Staff Member Updates:
Town Clerk – none

Town Treasurer – none

Town Manager – The Town will continue trying to find out who owns the property on Sunnydale
Avenue where the house burned several years ago.  Currently, the town has not had any luck
finding anyone who will claim ownership.  Mr. Gillespie has been in contact with the Town
Attorney to discuss the process of removing the burned house.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner spoke concerning the possibility of raising Meals Tax by another 1% and
implementing a Cigarette Tax and abating the Real Estate Tax for the Town of Appomattox.  He
believes it would provide an incentive for people to move into Town.

Mr. Gillespie suggested sending this issue to Mr. McDearmon (Finance Committee) for review.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 25, 2014

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:25 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

