1  Workshop Meeting
November 25, 2008

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on November 25, 2008 at 7:00
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Also in attendance were Chad Millner, Cliff Harvey, Bob
Hopkins, Frank Wright, Town Attorney, Carlton Duck, David Garrett, Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Item #2 – Discussion of proposed changes to Chapter 5 and 33 of the Appomattox Town Code.
The Appomattox Town Council discussed the proposed changes to Chapter 5 and 33 of the
Appomattox Town Code.  Mayor Harvey suggested leaving the language Mayor and Council in
Chapter 5-45, Chapter 5-51, Chapter 5-61 and Chapter 5-62.  The Appomattox Town Council
agreed and gave consensus to add this item to the December 8, 2008 Regular Council Agenda.

Item #3 – Discussion of VPDES Permit No. VA0020257 and VPDES Permit No. VA0020249
Mr. Garrett, Town Manager updated council regarding the two quotes received by Hurt &
Proffitt, Inc. and Anderson and Associates.  The Appomattox Town Council gave consensus to
add this item to the December 8, 2008 Regular Council Agenda.

Item #4 – Update/Discussion of the Request for Proposals for Engineering and Related Services
Basic Ordering Agreement.
The Appomattox Town Council answered the following staff questions:

1.   Date to start advertising – Within the next 30 days
2.  Submission deadline date – Suggested 60 days
3.  Identify members of the review team to look at the proposals and conduct interviews –

Entire Council

Mr. Wright, Town Attorney advised Council that interviews of prospective candidates (firms)
can be conducted in Closed Session.
With in the questions answered, this item will be placed on the December 8, 2008 Regular
Council Agenda.

Item #5 – Update/Discussion of the 2009 semi-annual meetings between the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors and Appomattox Town Council.
The Appomattox Town Council gave consensus to meet with the Board of Supervisors twice
yearly in January and July 2009 at 6:00 p.m. on the workshop meeting nights.

The Appomattox Town Council gave reports and updates from Standing Committees:
Finance and Personnel – There was a discussion of funding for the positions of Director of
Public Works and Town Manager/Zoning Administrator.  The Finance and Personnel
Committees will be meeting jointly on December 3, 2008 at 3:30 p.m. to discuss this topic and to
review the applications for the Director of Tourism.

Fire & Safety – No report

2  Workshop Meeting
November 25, 2008

Ordinance – Will be meeting on December 16, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. to discuss a sign ordinance.

Street & Property – The sidewalk project on Oakleigh Avenue is nearly complete.  The building
renovation for the breakroom downstairs is ongoing.  Mr. Baine reminded the community of the
Community of Candles event on Sunday, December 7, 2008.

Utility Committee – No report

The staff reports from the Treasurer, Clerk and Utility Director were presented for Town Council
to review.

The Town Manager’s report included:

1.   Updating Council on the $5200 trench box purchased in accordance with the

Procurement Policy.  The signatures were secured prior to the prior and the amount of the
purchase has been split between water and sewer.  The Town received an OSHA
Violation approximately a month ago.

2.  Today (11.25.08) an application for out of town water service was received for a resident

on Rt. 26.  The well has failed and is unusable.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Carter with all
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to approve the out of town water connection for
Martha Guill on Rt. 26 (Oakville Road).  Motion carried.

3.  An update on the Copper efforts at the Trickling Filter Plant.  The Town will be seeking
to make changes to the permit limits by contacting the Department of Environmental
Quality.

4.  Capital Improvement Plan – Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs has been working with the Town

Treasurer regarding this item.

5.  An update on the Groundwater Study being conducted by Anderson and Associates.

Maps have been created based on the Longitude and Latitude and four (4) sites have been
selected.  The Town Manager held a meeting with Dennis Amos (Anderson &
Associates), Brad White (DEQ) and Mr. Mayberry to review the data.  It will take several
weeks to contact the property owners.

6.  Well #15 should be back up and running by next week.
7.  The leaf machine is back in service.

Council Concerns
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs and
with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

