1 | Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 9, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, December 9, 2019
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Facilities Director, Jeff Elder; Town
Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Clerk of Council, Roxanne Casto.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist church gave the invocation, and led the
Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey expressed his appreciation for those who attended the lighting event at the
Courtland Festival Park on December 1, 2019.  A special thank you was extended for all who
contributed financially and specifically to Jake Dawson and family for displaying their talent
with the lighting of the trees.  On Saturday, December 7, Experience Appomattox hosted the
Downtown Whoville, Merry Market and Live Nativity by Bible Baptist Church.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Susan Chapman from Brown, Edwards & Company, LLP appeared before Council to present the
FY 2019 Annual Audit for the Town of Appomattox.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, with all members voting “aye” to adopt
the agenda for December 9, 2019 with the removal of NB#2 – Discussion and consideration to
adopt the Special Events Policy and Ordinance and hold the closed session at the end of the
meeting.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to accept the FY 2019
Annual Audit of the Town of Appomattox as presented by Brown, Edwards & Company, LLP.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

2 | Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 9, 2019

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following items:

➢  The Appomattox Town Planning Commission met on Tuesday, December 3, 2019 about

the comprehensive plan.  The Commission will meet again on January 7, 2020.

➢  The Meadowlark grant project is complete.  Staff is wrapping up the paperwork.  Matt
Perkins with the Central Virginia Planning District Commission will be providing an
update to Council in the next few months.

➢  The Downtown Revitalization Grant committee will meet with participants on Thursday,
December 12, 2019 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building.  The Town
expects to be under contract with the Department of Housing and Community
Development with the next week.

➢  Staff will begin preparing for the FY 2021 budget cycle soon.
➢  Concurred the holiday events were great and a lot of fun.

Council Concerns:
Mrs. Puckette commended the staff for the Town’s financial status.  It is most pleasing and is she
is appreciative of all the work.

Ms. Spiggle agreed with Mrs. Puckette.  The staff has done an excellent job and appreciates all
the work on collections.

Mayor Harvey agreed with Mrs. Puckette and Ms. Spiggle.

Mr. Timothy Garrett invited everyone to support the Raider football team at Salem, Virginia on
Saturday, December 14, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. for the State Championship title.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to convene in closed
session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or bargaining
is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would
be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox
County regarding the waterline from Concord to Appomattox.

Vote:
J. Garrett-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Conner-aye, Puckette-aye

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 9, 2019

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Mr. J. Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Ms. Spiggle and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:

Vote:
J. Garrett-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Conner-aye, Puckette-aye

Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 9:10 p.m.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

