1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
December 30, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Monday, December 30,
2019 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Facilities Director, Jeff Elder; and Clerk
of Council, Roxanne Casto.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call meeting to order by reading the purpose of the meeting:
In accordance with Code Section 5-47 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, Mayor
Paul D. Harvey has a requested a Special Call meeting of the Appomattox Town Council for
Consideration of a Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public
funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial
interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion
of the proposal submitted by Appomattox County regarding the waterline from Concord to
Appomattox.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to convene in closed
session pursuant to ยง2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or bargaining
is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would
be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox
County regarding the waterline from Concord to Appomattox.

Vote:
J. Garrett-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Conner-aye, Puckette-aye.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Mr. Conner made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
December 30, 2019

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Ms. Spiggle and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:

Vote:
J. Garrett-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Conner-aye, Puckette-aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Action:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept and authorize the
Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger to execute the Lease and Sale/Purchase Agreement between
the Town of Appomattox and County of Appomattox.

Roll Call Vote:
J. Garrett-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Conner-aye, Puckette-aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 6:25 p.m.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

