1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 13, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 13, 2019 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present: Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Shyann Bankston, Brianna Bolte, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Kim Ray,
Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Christy Torrence, Office Manager.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey presented of 2019 Arbor Day proclamation.
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve the 2019
Arbor Day proclamation.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mayor Harvey reminded those in attendance of another free event in the Courtland Festival Park
this weekend featuring McKinley Cardwell.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Brianna Bolte, 1249 Robinson Road and Shyann Bankston, 297 Woodlawn Trail appeared before
Council as students from Appomattox County High School and members of the FCCLA Club.
As a part of project for the FCCLA Club, they decided to become advocates for spaying and
neutering stray dogs and cats.  They also advocated for this at the club state competition.
The humane society had advertised that they were full, which led to the adoption of more pets.
They advocate for all domestic animals to either be spayed, neutered and purchased outside of
the Humane Society or shelters if they are not owned for breeding purposes to help control stray
populations and minimize the euthanasia of animals in shelters.  It is their hope that an ordinance
like this would help the Appomattox Pet Shelter from reaching full capacity and to be a model
that other Towns, Cities and Counties.
In Virginia Code section 54.1-3423, the Board of Professional and Occupational Regulations
obtains permission from the State Veterinarian to use schedule VI drugs for the purpose of
preventing, treating and controlling many communicable diseases that would result in animal
populations and to control the animal population is to control the sterilization of domestic
animals.  A temporary leash law is not going to cut down on the stray population because these
animals end up in shelters.  The proposed ordinance is intended to have owners animals spayed
or neutered which will help curtail stray animal populations in shelters.  Stray dogs and cats will
not be able to impregnate domesticated dogs and cats with unwanted puppies and kittens if the
owners were bound by law to have their animals spayed or neutered.

Thank you.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 13, 2019

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Timothy Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the
consent agenda for May 13, 2019 as presented. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the
recommendation of the Appomattox Town Planning Commission to rezone parcels brought
within the Town limits of Appomattox during the Voluntary Boundary Line adjustment in 2013.
The Tax Map Identification Numbers are 63-2-1, 63-A-49, 63-A-52A, 63-A-52, 63-A-54, 63-A-
55, 63-A-58, as B-2 and 63-A-80 as M-1.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to accept the
recommendation of the Appomattox Town Planning Commission to rezone Tax Map
Identification Number 64-A6-A-26 and 64-A6-A-26A as B-2.
Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner –
abstain.  Motion carried 5-0-1.
Mr. Conner read the following statement:

CONFLICT OF INTEREST
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
Historical Properties LLC/ Jeffrey T. Carwile
John R. Martin, Authorized Agent for Steven T. Conner Real Estate
I, Steven T. Conner, will abstain from voting or participating in discussion on this petition due to
having a personal interest in this transaction.  I am disqualified from participating in this
transaction pursuant to Subdivision A 1 of Section 2.2-3112 of the Code of Virginia.  My interest
is that I serve as the real estate agent for the property owner, Historical Properties, LLC/Jeffrey
T. Carwile.  My real estate business is known as Steven T. Conner Real Estate, 536 Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve payment
request #3 of the 4 annual payments that were provided as an Economic Stimulus Grant in the
Performance Agreement between the Town of Appomattox, the Town of Appomattox Economic
Development Authority and COJANA, a Limited Liability Corporation in the amount of
$30,872.08 to COJANA, a Limited Liability Corporation as the owner of the Appomattox Inn
and Suite and also consideration in accepting payment #3 that COJANA has met its
responsibilities as noted in the Performance Agreement dated March 13, 2015.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 13, 2019

➢  The next Council Workshop meeting will consist of the public hearing the FY

2020 budget for the Town of Appomattox, joint public with the Town Planning
Commission for the variance application on Crawley Lane, draft burning
ordinance and draft food truck ordinance.

Council Concerns:
None

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 pm. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Christy J. Torrence
Office Manager

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

