ref: reel_03_0025
date: 1975-01-27
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 27, 1975 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Those members present were: Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, M. J. House, Jr., Mrs. Earle Robinson, and Ronald Spiggle.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mr. Robert Childress, appeared before Council to discuss the radio communications problems the Appomattox Fire Department has experienced.

The minutes of the Fire Committee meeting were read.

The minutes of the special Council meeting were read and approved.

The minutes of the regular meeting were read and approved.

Mr. House reported the W.O.W. has requested to have this billing reinstated under the Town electrical contract. Mr. Slagle was requested to check into the possibility of reinstating the W.O.W. under the Town Contract.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion to approve the interim agreement proposed by VEPCO subject to review by the Town attorney, seconded by Mr. House. Ayes 5 Nays 0

Mr. Spiggle and Mr. Slagle were requested to meet with Mr. Ray Edwards, of the State Water Control Board, to discuss the new sewage treatment plant for the Town.

Mr. Spiggle reported that we have begun our sewage effluent testing program but have not received any results at this time.

Council deferred action on the revision of the water and sewer rates until further study has been made.

Mr. Slagle reported he had recently attended a hearing of the proposed Housing Plan for Central Virginia and presented his comments, which prompted the addition of a section on the "Community Development Act of 1974".

Mr. House made the motion to adopt the recommendation of the Fire Committee as previously recorded, seconded by Mr. Conner. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. House requested the meeting night for the Appomattox Town Council be changed to the second Monday of each month. Mr. House made the motion, seconded by Mr. Spiggle to change the meeting date to the second Monday. Ayes 5 Nays 0
chunk_id: 20236
record_id: 1256
page_number: 1

