ref: reel_02_0272
date: 1952-10-20
content: Mr. George Abbitt, Jr., asked for a permit to add an addition to the present office building across from the Frozen Food Locker of 25 ft. by 15 ft., at the northeast end of the building. On motion of Chas F. James, seconded by Mrs. C.H. Robinson, that the permit be granted. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date, October 20, 1952.

Signed G.B. Buchanan Mayor
G.B. Buchanan

Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk
C.J. Hunter

OCTOBER 1952

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Mayor's Office, on October 20, 1952, with Mayor G.B. Buchanan presiding. The following members were present: J.C. Caldwell, J.E. Jamerson, C.T. Moses, Jr., J.T. Almond and Mrs. C.H. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. H.C. Pulliam, Mr. Twyman Coleman, and Mr. W.W. Morris met with the Council to make a complaint about the condition of the Appomattox Restaurant selling beer to the colored people and the behavior in the back of this place next to Mr. Coleman's, Mr. Pulliam's, and Mr. Morris' place of business. On motion made by J.E. Jamerson, seconded by C.T. Moses, Jr., that the Town Clerk call the A.B.C. Board in Richmond, and report what the above gentlemen had said, also, that the present owner is operating on the former owner's license, and the Town Council requests that the A.B.C. Board investigate the conditions of this place at once. Motion Carried.

Mrs. E.B. Matchett met with the council and requested the council to purchase a jacket for Mr. Stanley, Special Officer. On motion made by J.E. Jamerson, seconded by C.T. Moses, Jr., the Town Council authorized the purchase of a jacket for Mr. Stanley, the cost not to exceed $15.00. Motion carried.

A Motion was made by J.E. Jamerson, seconded by C.T. Moses, Jr., that the Town Manager get Mr. W.W. Scott and locate the South end of Martha Street and put in permanent stakes at all corners. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date, November 17, 1952.

Signed G.B. Buchanan Mayor
G.B. Buchanan

Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk
C.J. Hunter
chunk_id: 19756
record_id: 776
page_number: 1

