# PUBLIC MEETING – February 02, 2004

Page 2 of 2


A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, -
February.9, 2004 at 7:30 p.m. in Council Chambers with Mayor Spiggle,
presiding. -

Members present: W. H. Carson, N.H. Mayberry, M. H. Mitchell, ova

“McDearmon, Jr., Joyce Bennett, S. E. Lawson,

Others present: Anne Dixon, Wayne Phelps, Charles M. Warner, Charles Garrett,
Town of Appomattox; Larry Mobley, Town of Appomattox; Chad Denton, Times
Virginian Newspaper; Christie Chapman, News & Advance; Robin Wood, Edmund
& Williams; Joe Buchanan, Mike Johnson, Lelia Johnson, Aileen Ferguson, Bill
-Burke, David Garrett, Town Manager; W. M. Phillips, Town Attorney and
Roxanne Paulette, Clerk.. ;

The meeting was opened with a.prayer.

On a motion by Counciimember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to approve the consent agenda. All voting aye.
Motion carried. ”

On a motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 A.7 of
the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of consultation with
legal counsel regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal
advice by such counsel.

Vote: Bennett - aye, McDearmon — aye, Mayberry — aye, Carson ~- aye,
Mitchell - aye, Lawson — aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) only public business
matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meetings to which this certificate resolution applies, and
(2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion convening
the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote: Bennett — aye, McDearron — aye, Mayberry — aye, Carson — aye,
Mitchell — aye, Lawson — aye.

Bill Burke made an appearance to Town Council requesting $1900.00 if funding is
denied by the Spout Spring Ruritan Club to complete projects at the Abbitt Park.

(Letter attached) _