1  Regular Council Meeting

Tuesday, November 12, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Tuesday, November 12, 2013
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Sarah Corder, Melanie Oelrich, Ashely Ransthorne (Liberty University students), Rev.
Chris Brooks, Elizabeth Brooks, Cathy Sherman, Barbara Shelton, Stephanie James, Katrina
Koetring, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette,
Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Chris Brooks, Glory Baptist Church led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey thanked staff for a wonderful Council Retreat.

Mayor Harvey welcomed the 3 students from Liberty University Journalism Department who
were attending tonight’s council meeting.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda as presented for Tuesday, November 12, 2013.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to cancel the November 26, 2013 and December 24, 2013 Council Workshop Meetings.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted
to award the construction of the SBR building to Piney Ridge Contracting & Consulting, LLC
for $52,474.00.
Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to authorize Appomattox County to retain indefinitely any revenue received by way of the
Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office through summons written under the Code of the Town of
Appomattox, Virginia.
Vote: Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

2  Regular Council Meeting

Tuesday, November 12, 2013

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Puckette, Council voted
to withdraw the Town’s involvement with future Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival events
with the exception of a donation to a committee and the closing of the streets needed for the
event.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Town Manager update – none

Citizen Comment period – none

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner – The council retreat was held up the street in Appomattox not at the Greenbrier.

Ms. Spiggle – The retreat was a huge success with lots of planning.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:40 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

