34

Regular Meeting - July 10, 2000

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held

on Monday, July 10, 2000 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, C. Lewis |

McDearmon, Joyce Bennett, Norman Mayberry, Marvin Mitchell,
and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Danny Heath and Danny Jobe, Nesbe Cable,
Barbara Bennett, Executive Director of Regional
Renaissance, Brian Knopp, Vice-President of Tourism
Services for Central Virginia Regional Chamber of Commerce,
James Mundy, Cheryl Rychkova, Times Virginian, William
Phillips, David Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie
Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayet.

Qn a motion by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by Norman
Mayberry, Council voted to approve the Agenda as presented
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Barbara Bennett, Executive Director of Regional
Renaissance, appeared before Town Council, to discuss the
results of the Regional Meeting in Appomattox.

Brian Knopp, Vice-President of Tourism Services, reported

on the goals for tourist growth. The three goals are to

improve communications between the hospitality industry and

the community, advocate expansion of the regional tourism

effort, and_work to increase_both group-and.leisure_travel — -
Business.

Danny Heath and Danny Jobe, Nesbe Cable Company, came
before Council to give an update with regard to Internet
services, new channels, and fiber optics. It was decided
to have someone come to Council once a quarter to give us a
report.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to table Item 1, Chamber of Commerce until
the next meeting and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.
