Page 2 of 2 \
Council minutes - September 12, 1988

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to deny the request to fund one-half of the costs of the "Car"
to be donated to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department. mq

Bass-~abstaining Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye |
Mitchell-aye Motion carried by a 5-0 vote.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the minutes of the August 8, 1988, meeting
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to participate in the Set-Off Debt Program with the
Department of Taxation, and a letter of authorization be sent to
the State.

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Conner-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to advertize their intent to adopt "Section 15-8 and
Section 15-15 of the Town Code in reference to Junk Cars, and
Section 6-4, Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye

Mitcheli-aye Motion carried. ;

General consensus of Town Council that we want to know from the
Insurance Company, what happens if we refuse to sign the i
endorsement. The feeling of Council was we have already paid
our premium until the first of the year, and they should provide
coverage until the first of the year.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to go with Monthly Water Bills, as of the October Billing, which
will be billed out on November 1, 1988.

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to endorse the action taken by the Commission and the
Transportation Planning Council on the re-routing of Amtrak
Service through Lynchburg, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to recess and reconvene on September 29, 1988, at
7:30 P.M., and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

(Lrraesf Codpugyls MAYOR
R. C.

Spiggle

CLERK
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk 3

