# REGULAR MEETING – April 11, 2005

A Regular Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, April 11, 2005 at 7:30 p.m. at the Municipal Building on Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present:  Joyce Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Marvin H. Mitchell, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John L. Wilson and Steven E. Lawson.

Others present:  Joseph May, Derek Norfield, Carlton Duck, Chad Denton, Times Virginian Newspaper, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney and Roxanne W. Mundy, Town Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting and gave an invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Bennett, Council voted to approve the consent agenda as presented for April 11, 2005 with the addition of NB-6 for Discussion of the Water Study.   All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Committee Reports –

Finance Committee – On a recommendation by Councilmember Mayberry, the Finance Committee recommended and Council voted to amend the Police Agreement between the Town and County.  Beginning July 1, 2005 the Town of Appomattox agrees to pay to the County of Appomattox, quarterly, the sum paid to the Town of Appomattox, quarterly, by the Department of Criminal Justice Services a sum not to exceed the 599 Allocation for each fiscal year.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business –

None

New Business –

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to set the weeks of  Spring Clean Up as April 25-29 and May 2-6, 2005.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to close Main Street on Saturday, June 11, 2005 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. for the Appomattox County Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department to hold a Downtown Antique Show proceeds benefiting the Appomattox Community Park.

Vote: Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Wilson – aye, Lawson – aye, Mitchell – no.  Motion carried 5-1.

Page 2

April 11, 2005

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to approve the rezoning request by Rosalie Poole for Tax Map No. 64A1(A) 2 from M-1 to B-1.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Bennett, a motion was made to discontinue the contract with DMV as of June 30, 2005.  Councilmember Wilson withdrew his motion and Councilmember Bennett withdrew her second after much discussion.  The Town Manager was directed by Council to discuss options with the County Administrator to determine if the County would be willing to help in anyway to continue the service.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, a motion was made to execute a cooperative service agreement with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) for the proposed vulture relocation within the Town of Appomattox.  Councilmember Lawson and Councilmember Mayberry withdrew the motion after much discussion.  Council will explore other options.

It was a general consensus of Council to set a Joint Meeting with the Board of Supervisors to discuss the Water Study Report findings.  The Town Manager will coordinate dates with the County Administrator.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council voted to approve the Conditional Use Permit for Founders Furniture, with no conditions for a concrete pad and building to house a generator.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

The Town Attorney reported that the hearing in the Bowman Condemnation suit is Thursday, April 14, 2005 in Circuit Court, Appomattox, Va.

With no further business to come before Council, Councilmember Mayberry made a motion, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, to adjourn at 8:30 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Mundy, CMC				Ronald C. Spiggle,

Town Clerk						Mayor
