ref: reel_02_0297
date: 1954-09-20
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Mayor’s office September 20, 1954 at 7:30 p.m. Mayor Charles F. James presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, D. A. Christian III, G. E. Smith, Mrs. C. H. Robinson and C. T. Moses Jr.

Vain Patterson met with the Council and requested that the Council improve the road from Liberty Road to the point maintained by the State Highway Department. This was referred to the Street Committee for their recommendation.

A motion was made by Dr. D. A. Christian and seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town purchases a modern power sweeper, size 4'8" in width; wall brush and sulky at a cost of $955.00 dollars. Motion Carried.

A motion was made by Dr. D. A. Christian III and seconded by C. T. Moses Jr. that the Town Council lease the Appomattox Ball Park to the Appomattox YFAY Club (I-Fay-Ten-A-Year) for the amount of $12.00 per year beginning January 1, 1955 with the agreement that they keep up and maintain the park in good order and be responsible for all expenses for a period of one year ending December 31, 1955. All improvements are to be made by the YFAY Club. Voting For: D. A. Christian III, Charles T. Moses Jr., G. E. Smith, Mrs. C. H. Robinson. Against: J. T. Almond.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith and seconded by C. T. Moses Jr. that the Town purchases a Watchman’s Clock and six stations. MOTION CARRIED.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith and seconded by C. T. Moses Jr. that the Town purchase 3 shirts size 15½ for Officer E. T. Mitchell. MOTION CARRIED.

A motion was made by C. T. Moses Jr. and seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Water Committee be given the authority to purchase the land from Mr. J. T. Munner from the purpose of drilling a well for the Town if the water supply is sufficient and further be impowered to drill a well and install a pump as soon as possible. MOTION CARRIED.

A motion was made by C. T. Moses Jr. and seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town pay C. J. Hunter, Town Manager; Harry Jarrell, and Harold Nash the sum of $25.00 dollars each for the overtime worked during the water shortage. MOTION CARRIED.
chunk_id: 19781
record_id: 801
page_number: 1

