1  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 27, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Council Workshop meeting on Tuesday, March 27, 2018
at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett (arrived at 7:05 p.m.), Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin Finch,
Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Members absent:  C. Lewis McDearmon

Others present:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Nathan Simpson, Jeff Elder, Kim Ray, Town
Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Public Appearances – none

Council Concerns – none

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey reminded Council and those in attendance of the two (2)
events planned at the Courtland Festival Park on April 12, 2018 beginning at 5:30 p.m.  The
Town and Council will sponsor the unveiling of the LOVE sign.  On Saturday, April 21, 2018
the Courtland Festival Park Foundation will sponsor an official opening of the Courtland Festival
Park with activities planned from 12:00 noon to 8:30 p.m.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Ms. Finch, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda for Tuesday, March 27, 2018 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 4-0.

Unfinished Business –
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to re-appoint S. L. Ferguson
and Marvin H. Mitchell to the Appomattox Town Planning Commission with a term expiring
December 31, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to waive the food vendor
fees for the Appomattox Vintage and Artisans Market on May 5, 2018 in Courtland Festival
Park.  Vote:  Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner – no.  Motion carried 3-1.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the Employee
Handbook – Travel Policy – Appendix A, increasing the mileage reimbursement rate from
$0.535 to $0.545, retroactive to January 1, 2018.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 4-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 27, 2018

Citizen Comment Period – none

Staff Reports –

Mr. Elder – none

Mrs. Casto – none

Mr. Shanaberger, Town Manager reported on the following items:

-  Town Staff will be meeting with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. on Thursday, March 29, 2018 to

discuss the timeline for the Utility Rate Study.

-  Construction has begun on the restrooms at the Children’s Park.
-  An Invitation to Bid on the restrooms for cleaning has been advertised and are due by

Friday, April 13, 2018.

-  Talked with Craig Wilson, Community Planning Partners regarding the Downtown

Revitalization Grant application.

-  Met with Jay Hutt, Epitome Networks regarding a software upgrade for the phone
system and problems regarding service/quality of Verizon phone lines.  Epitome
Networks will be looking into a wireless issue between the Town Office and Public
Works.

-  The Physical Development Committee of the Appomattox Town Council is

continuing to vet choices of Architect/Engineering firms for the Historic Structures
Report for the Norfolk and Western Railway Building.  A recommendation from the
Physical Development Committee will be forthcoming in the next few weeks.

Mrs. Kim Ray, Town Treasurer provided a financial report for March 2018.  Highlights for the
FY 2018 include the Meadowlark Grant, Interim financing through the Bank of the James for the
Inflow and Infiltration project, and the Internal Service Fund is now up and operating the first
interest payment for the Bank of the James loan will be due in April 2018.

Mrs. Ray outlined the FY 2018 Operating Revenues and Expenditures year to date.

FY 2019 Budget Discussions:

Downtown Revitalization Grant –
Mr. Shanaberger intends to meet with property owners to determine their interest in the
project should the Town choose to resubmit a grant application.  Council concurred to
place $20,000 in the proposed FY 2019 budget but requested an opportunity to decide
whether to engage with a firm before expending funds.  Mr. Conner stated he doesn’t
think the Town will get enough property owners interested in reapplying.  Mr.
Shanaberger stated that the Town has nothing to lose by placing the item in the budget.
Mrs. Puckette agreed we should put it in the budget and see how this plays out.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 27, 2018

Norfolk and Western Railway – Historic Structures Report –
Mr. Shanaberger advised Council there is approximately $60,000 in a checking account
from the proceeds of the gift shop sales from the Tourism Department.  This project
seems like a logical use of these funds.

Financial Software –
Staff requests to delay this request until FY 2020.

Vehicle –
Mr. Shanaberger is requesting to purchase a new or used vehicle for use by
Administrative Staff with a budget of $30,000.

VRS Group Life Insurance -
Mr. Shanaberger explained that 19 full-time employees would benefit from this plan.
Council provided consensus to leave it in the FY 2019 budget.

Retiree Health Insurance –
Mr. Garrett and Ms. Spiggle requested the Town take the necessary steps to offer this to
retirees at their cost beginning July 1, 2018.

Sweeper Truck -
The Town uses the sweeper truck once a week during the summer months and to clean up
mud from water and sewer line repairs.  Grant opportunities may be available and Public
Works will continue to research those opportunities.  The balance of the equipment could
be financed with a low interest loan.

Mr. Shanaberger advised that the budget process is on track with another review planned for
April 9 and final presentation on April 24, 2018.  The public hearing will be held in May 2018
and adoption in June 2018.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner inquired about residential trash service, specifically if the dates had been changed?
How could residents find out if there has been a change.  Mr. Shanaberger explained that the
dates have not changed however, today, March 27th the trash crew was running late.

On a motion by Ms. Finch, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adjourn at 7:30 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

