1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 19, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, March 19, 2018 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.  (The regular second Monday meeting scheduled for Monday, March 12,
2018 was rescheduled to March 19, 2018 due to inclement weather).

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle and Claudia Puckette.

Members absent:  M. Erin Finch, Steven T. Conner and C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others present:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Jeff Elder, Nathan Simpson, Kim Ray, Town
Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order but noted the lack of a quorum.

Section 5 – 10.  Procedure in absence of quorum.
If a quorum fails to attend within 30 minutes after the time appointed for meeting, the Clerk of
the Council shall enter on the journal the names of those in attendance, and the fact of
adjournment for want of a quorum. If a quorum fails to attend on the day of any regular meeting,
the meeting shall stand adjourned to the next day of meeting, or at such other time as those
present may designate.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council adjourned at 7:50 p.m. until the
next meeting of the Appomattox Town Council on Tuesday, March 27, 2018 at 6:00 p.m.
Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

