1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, March 26, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, March 26, 2013 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Katrina Koetring, News & Advance; Carlton & Brian, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager; and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mr. Gillespie provided a powerpoint presentation of the Old Courthouse Road Corridor Study.

Mr. Gillespie also provided an update on the Tourism Related Retail & Hospitality Market &
Site Assessment project.  Task 1 has been completed and Task 2 will begin soon.

Committee Reports –
Finance & Planning Committee – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee discussed the
proposal from Reid Engineering regarding the Inflow and Infiltration project, the Capital
Improvement Plan and the plans for the 41st Annual Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival.

Physical Development Committee – Mr. Mayberry report that the committee met and discussed
the FY 2014 budget, received a presentation from Sheriff Letterman regarding the different calls
received in town vs. other areas of the county, and the Town’s Water and Sewer Connection and
Availability fees.

Staff Reports
Town Manager - no report.

Town Treasurer – no report.

Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council reminded Council of the Local Government Council Annual
Dinner on April 18, 2013 at 6:00 p.m.  The DMV Ribbon Cutting for the Mobile Unit will be
April 18, 2013 at 10 a.m.  The Town’s Planning Commission will have an
introductory/organizational meeting on Thursday, April 4, 2013 at 6:00 p.m.

Council Concerns
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

