1  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a recess and reconvened Council Workshop meeting on
Thursday, March 28, 2019 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden
Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T.
Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  Jonathan D. Garrett

Others present:  Nathan Simpson, Al Sears, John Redding, Bob Dunnam, Marvin Mitchell, Craig
Wilson, Daniel Puckette, Kelly Hitchcock, Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W.
Casto, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the hearing:

The Town of Appomattox will hold a public hearing on Thursday, March 28, 2019 at 6:00 p.m.
at the Town Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

The purpose of the hearing is to solicit input on the proposed Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) proposal to be submitted to the Virginia Department of Housing and Community
Development for the Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project.  Residents of the project
area are encouraged to attend.  The Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project proposal will
include the following activities:  façade improvements, installation of additional decorative
streetlights, construction of additional parking, and installation of downtown gateway signage in
the Downtown Revitalization Project Area.  A detailed fact sheet presenting the key activities
and eligible benefits of the project will be available at the hearing.

The application fact sheet will be presented for comment along with information on projected
beneficiaries, including the number of low- and moderate-income residents to benefit from the
proposed project, and plans to minimize displacement.  Citizens will also be given the
opportunity to comment on the Town of Appomattox’s past use of CDBG funds.  The fact sheet
on the proposed project will be available at the Appomattox Town Office, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia one week prior to the hearing.  For additional information, contact Gary L.
Shanaberger, Town Manager, Town of Appomattox at 434-352-8268.

Comments and grievances can be submitted in writing to the Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager,
Town of Appomattox at P. O. Box 705, Appomattox, Virginia, 24522 or at
gshanaberger@appomattoxva.gov or by phone at 434-352-8268 until March 27, 2019.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

If you plan to attend and have any special needs requirements, please call the number listed
above.

Staff presentation:
Mr. Shanaberger expressed gratitude to the downtown property owners and business owners for
their willingness to participate in the project.  They are all very excited about this project.  Mr.
Shanaberger also thanked the Town Council and the Town’s Economic Development Authority
for their willingness to contribute to the project.

Mr. Craig Wilson presented the information regarding a summary of the Appomattox Downtown
Revitalization project.

Council Comments:
Mr. Boyce requested clarification of the match/leverage funding for Courtland Field in the
summary.  Mr. Wilson explained the importance of leverage funds shown in your project.  Any
funding expended within the last two (2) years can be used in the grant application.

Mr. Conner inquired if every application has to be submitted now?
Mr. Wilson explained that business owners/property owners can submit later.

Public Comments:
The following written comments were submitted:

Mr. Bob Goode, resides in Spout Spring, Virginia-
I am certainly in favor of the revitalization grant for the Town of Appomattox.  I think it has the
potential for great benefit

Dr. Jeffrey Garrett, Chairman, Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority-
This is an exciting time to be a part of the leadership team with the Town of Appomattox, what a
great opportunity this grant will be to assist in showcasing the gem of a town that we have.
Thank you for all your support during this process and while I have been a contributing member
of the EDA.

Mayor Harvey opened the floor for public comments:

John Redding – 311 Acorn Drive – This project fits nicely with the work of the Appomattox
Chamber of Commerce.  It publicizes and incentivizes the downtown businesses.  The additional
signage is ready to be placed on the bypass also promoting downtown businesses.  Thank you.

Bob Dunnam – 2026 Wildway Road – Granny Bee’s needs a lot of work and anything would be
appreciated.  Thank you.

Nathan Simpson – 272 Court Street – Thank you to Council for investing in projects like this.
This project is amazing.  I am super supportive of this project.  Looking forward to seeing this
project come to fruition.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

Al Sears – 240 Court Street – Thank you to the Town of Appomattox and Economic
Development Authority for working on this for Appomattox.  I’ve seen this type of project work
well in other communities.  This type of project pulls communities together.  Very appreciative,
thank you.

Mayor Harvey thanked everyone who spoke and closed the public hearing.

Ms. Spiggle thanked Dr. Jeffrey Garrett, Chairman of the Town Economic Development
Authority for his hard work with this project.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION

AUTHORIZING THE PREPARATION AND FILING OF AN APPLICATION FOR
COMMUNITY IMPROVEMENT GRANT FUNDS THROUGH
THE VIRGINIA SMALL CITIES COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  has  previously  participated  in  the  Small  Cities
Community  Development  Block  Grant  (CDBG)  program  as  administered  by  the  Virginia
Department  of  Housing  Community  Development  (VDHCD)  in  order  to  revitalize  the
Meadowlark  community  through  a  CDBG-funded  Comprehensive  Community  Development
project; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  has  identified  revitalization  of  Downtown
Appomattox  as  a  priority  need  to  be  addressed  as  soon  as  feasible  and  has  delineated  the  final
project area to include commercial properties along the 100 and 200 blocks of Main Street, the
100  and  200  blocks  of  Harrell  Street,  the  1800  and  1900  blocks  of  Church  Street,  the  200  and
300 blocks of Court Street, the 100 block of Lee Street, and the 100 block of Atwood Street and
Courtland Festival Park; and

WHEREAS, the Town previously applied for and received a FY 2013 CDBG Planning
Grant in the amount of $35,000 from VDHCD to undertake a study of Downtown Appomattox
and  develop  an  Economic  Restructuring  Plan  to  understand  market  conditions,  identify  needs,
develop  a  proposed  improvement  program  and  budget,  identify  additional  funding  resources  to
implement said program, and compile and submit a 2017 CDBG application for the Appomattox
Downtown Revitalization Project, but was unsuccessful in that endeavor; and

4  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

WHEREAS,  the  Town  was  encouraged  by  VDHCD  to  reapply  for  funding  for  the
Appomattox  Downtown  Revitalization  Project  and  subsequently  chose  to  utilize  local  funds  to
conduct additional planning activities, update the original CDBG application, and submit a 2019
CDBG  application  for  the  Appomattox  Downtown  Revitalization  Project  in  the  amount  of
$700,000 to VDHCD by March 29, 2019; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  conducted  various  public  meetings,  completed  a  Physical
Inventory  Survey  of  Downtown  Appomattox;  conducted  a  Business  Survey  of  the  businesses
within  Downtown  Appomattox;  developed  an  Economic  Restructuring  Plan;  solicited  and
received Owner Participation Agreements for a Façade Improvement Program from commercial
property owners in the final delineated project area; had completed Conceptual Plans for public
improvements and a Preliminary Cost Estimate for implementing said improvements in order to
enhance  economic  opportunities,  increase  downtown  visitation,  and  better  link  the  commercial
establishments  on  Church  Street  to  those  on  Main  Street;  and  formed  and  utilized  a  Project
Management Team to assist with the planning of this project and the grant resubmission; and

WHEREAS, said research, public input, and planning efforts identified deteriorating and
dilapidated  commercial  property  as  a  blighting  influence  in  Downtown  Appomattox  and  for
certain buildings, an ongoing threat to public health, safety, and welfare and identified the need
for additional public  amenities and facilities friendly to downtown visitation  and  tourism  as an
economic blighting influence; and

WHEREAS,  an  Appomattox  Downtown  Revitalization  Program

for  physical
improvements has been developed by the Town in cooperation with property owners and related
stakeholders  pursuant  to  requirements  for  funding  set  forth  by  VDHCD  including    the
development of a preliminary Façade Improvement  Program Design requiring matching private
investment by property owners and the development of Conceptual Plans and a Preliminary Cost
Estimate  for  public  infrastructure  needed  to  remove  physical  blight,  enhance  economic
opportunities, and increase downtown visitation; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  is  in  receipt  of  Façade  Improvement  Program
Owner Participation Agreements  representing  twenty-six (26) buildings to date from owners of
commercial property in the final delineated project area and said property owners have indicated
that  by  participating  in  the  Façade  Improvement  Program  they  will  match  the  Façade
Improvement  funds  utilized  to  make  improvements  to  their  buildings  with  recent  and/or
concurrent improvements to their buildings, either interior or additional  exterior  improvements,
as  required  by  program  guidelines  and  as  assisted  by  the  Appomattox  Economic  Development
Authority that is providing $100,000 in  matching funds to assist property owners with  meeting
the match requirement; and

5  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  will  commit  to  the  final  delineated  project  area
$43,071  in  funding  for  project-related  administrative  costs  and  for  public  improvements
including new decorative streetlights in the 1900 block of Church Street, 100 and 200 blocks of
Harrell  Street,  and  the  100  block  of  Main  Street,  sidewalk  and  handrail  improvements  at  the
northeast corner of the intersection of Church and Harrell Streets, crosswalk improvements at the
intersection of Main and Church Streets, gateway signs at the intersection of Church and Atwood
Streets with associated concrete replacement and the intersection of Main and Court Streets, and
a small parking lot on the parcel at the southeast corner of the intersection of Church and Harrell
Streets; and

WHEREAS, the Town contributed $150,000 plus $21,718 in in-kind services, materials,
and  fee  waivers,  the  County  contributed  $150,000  plus  $118,500  in  in-kind  services,  land,  fee
waivers,  and  materials  for  the  LOVE  sculpture,  and  private  individuals  and  businesses
contributed $300,000 for the development of the Courtland Festival Park; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  has  properly  advertised  and  conducted  public
hearings on December 17, 2018 and March 28, 2019 which addressed  the CDBG program and
the CDBG project application, thereby meeting citizen participation requirements; and

WHEREAS, the stakeholders and property owners in the targeted portion of Downtown
Appomattox  and  the  Management  Team  have  requested  the  Town  to  proceed  post  haste  in
resolving  the  problems  identified  in  the  final  delineated  project  area  and  in  securing  necessary
funding to carry out the Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  BE  IT  RESOLVED  by  the  Council  of  the  Town  of

Appomattox, Virginia that:

1.  The  Town  of  Appomattox  wishes  to  apply  for  a  FY  2019  CDBG  Community
Improvement  Grant  in  the  amount  of  $700,000  for  the  Appomattox  Downtown
Revitalization Project and hereby commits a total of $43,071 in Town investment for
this project combined with a solicited $250,000 in matching private investment from
Façade  Improvement  Program  participants  and  $100,000  in  Appomattox  Economic
Development  Authority  funds  for  the  construction  of  Façade  Improvements,  and
$740,218  in  Town,  County,  and  private  and  business  investment  in  the  Courtland
Festival Park for a total project cost of $1,833,289 for the purpose of: a) constructing
Façade  Improvements  to  twenty  (20)  downtown  properties;  b)  installing  decorative
streetlights in the 1900 block of Church Street, 100 and 200 blocks of Harrell Street,
and  the  100  block  of  Main  Street,  c)  constructing  sidewalk  and  handrail
improvements  at  the  northeast  corner  of  the  intersection  of  Church  and  Harrell
Streets,  d)  constructing  crosswalk  improvements  at  the  intersection  of  Main  and
Church  Streets,  e)  fabricating  and  installing  gateway  signs  at  the  intersection  of
Church and Atwood Streets with associated concrete replacement and the intersection
of  Main  and  Court  Streets,  f)  constructing  a  small  parking  lot  on  the  parcel  at  the
southeast corner of the intersection of Church and Harrell Streets, and g) developing a

6  Appomattox Town Council

Recess and Reconvened Workshop meeting
March 28, 2019

brand and marketing campaign; all for the ultimate purpose of eliminating blight and
blighting  influences  in  the  project  area;  addressing  economic  blight  by  providing
facilities that encourage and support stronger retail and tourism activity; creating new
businesses  and  strengthening  existing  ones;  and  providing  additional  employment
opportunities.

2.  The  Town  hereby  authorizes  the  Town  Manager,  the  Town’s  chief  administrative
official, to execute and file all appropriate documents necessary for submission of the
Town of Appomattox’s 2019 Community Development Block Grant application on or
before March 29, 2019 and to provide such additional information as may be required
by the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council adjourned the meeting at 6:25
p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

