# WORKSHOP MEETING – May 27, 2003

Page 1 of 2

ety Work Session... ne ee

A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, May
27, 2003 at 7:15 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present were: Steve Lawson, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell,
Norman Mayberry, and W. H. Carson. Absent — Joyce Bennett.

Others present were: Bill Burke, Evans Thomas, Debbie Powell, Rich Guild,
Chad Denton, Times Virginian, William M. Phillios, Town Attorney, David T.
Garrett, Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, and Bobbie H. Mullins,
Clerk. .

Rich Guild and Debbie Powell made a presentation to Town Council regarding
the Tourism Plan and the Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber is requesting
$5,000.00 emergency fund to help keep the Visitor Center open.. They have had
to lay off the Executive Director due to a funding problem,

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to
convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 Section A, Subsection
7, of the Code of Virginia (1950) as amended, for the purpose of consultation
with legal counsel regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal
advice by such counsel.

Vote:
Lawson —did not vote* McDearmon —aye Mayberry-aye
Carson —aye Mitchell -aye

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters
fawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia Law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and
(2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion convening
the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.