1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 27, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, April 27, 2021 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, James J. Boyce,
Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Sara Conner, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Michelle Murch, Times Virginian
Newspaper; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray,
Treasurer; and Roxanne Casto, Clerk

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting.

Out of Town Water Connection Request:
Mr. Garrett made a motion to approve the out-of-town water request for 148 Snapps Mill Road,
Spout Spring, Virginia, Mr. Simpson seconded the motion.
After some discussion, Mr. Simpson made a motion to amend the previous motion to accept an
email from Mr. Calvin Mitchell on April 13th and approve the ¾’ water tap, and the application
will fill the administrative need.  Ms. Spiggle seconded the amended motion.  All members
voting aye on the amended motion.  Motion carried 6-0.
All members voting aye on the main (original) motion.  Motion carried 6-0.

Continued discussion of the FY 2022 Budget:
Council provided consensus for the Town Treasurer to move forward with advertising a public
hearing for the proposed FY 2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

Discussion of Poultry (Chicken) Ordinance:
Council provided consensus for the Town Clerk to move forward with advertising a public
hearing for Chapter 117 and 195 of the Town Code.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mr. Tilton, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of performance of a specific public employee of any public body, specifically Employee
A.

Vote:  Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Tilton – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Tilton made the following motion:

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 27, 2021

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:  Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Tilton – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Council Comments:
Mrs. Puckette – none

Ms. Spiggle – none

Mr. T. Garrett reminded Council that the Appomattox County High School Raider football team
will play Stuarts Draft on Saturday, May 1, 2021 for the State Championship.

Mr. Tilton – none

Mr. Boyce – none

Mr. Simpson - none

Council Standing Committee Reports:
The Physical Development Committee and Finance & Planning Committee provided consensus
to advertise the FY 2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for revenues and expenditures though
April 2021.

Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director provided an update on the sewer inflow and infiltration project.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 27, 2021

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:
The Hurt and Proffitt Rate Study, Davenport Financial Analysis, and the first round of funding
from the America Rescue Plan.  Mikula Harris has been selected by the Appomattox Downtown
Revitalization Grant management team to perform marketing and branding services.  A Rose
program meeting is being planned and a Council Retreat is being considered for September or
the first week of October.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

