# REGULAR MEETING – June 09, 2003

Page 2 of 3

Council Minutes
June 9, 2003

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the
2003/2004 Appomattox Town Budget as presented, having been duly advertised and
public hearing held as prescribed by law.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye

‘ Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve the
entertainment permit for Tinnell Properties LLC to hold a Carnival at the “old Plaza
Shopping Center” on June 18" thru Sunday, June 22, 2003 with the operational time

’ being 6:00 PM until 11:00 PM and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs, Bennett, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

WHEREAS, in accordance with Commonwealth Transportation Board construction
allocation procedures, it is necessary that a request by resolution be received from the
local government in order that the Virginia Department of Transportation program
transportation enhancement project in the Town of Appomattox.

Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the Town of Appomattox, requests the

. Commonwealth Transportation Board to establish a project for the improvement of the

safety and welfare of school-age pedestrian traffic to access the public schools along
Ferguson Street and Lee Grant Avenue.

Be It Further Resolved, that the Town of Appomattox hereby agrees to pay a minimum

20 percent of the total cost for planning and design, right of way, and construction of this .

project, and that, if the Town of Appomattox subsequently elects to cancel this project the
Town of Appomattox hereby agrees to reimburse the Virginia Department of
Transportation for the total amount of costs expended by the Department through the date
the department is notified of such cancellation.

Bennett-aye Lawson-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye

- Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to accept the bid

of Mr. David Sandman to handle the sale of timber from Town Property located on Route

604, with the stipulation that should the timber not be valued at more than his fee of
$3500.00, then we will not be obligated to pay, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.