Page 2 of
Council Minutes
September 8, 1997

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to approve the
appropriation of $4490.00 to Kirby Stinson for the Library Parking Lot to clean and
seal and re-stripe after the Railroad Festival week-end, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to approve the
resolution of appropriation for 390,338.00 leverage for the CDBG Project for
Meadowlark S/D improvements and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to adopt
a resolution to committ funding for the. Meadowlark Project and the
excess capacity and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle informed Town Council of a workshop to be held on October 7, 1997
at 7:30 PM to discuss Financial Strategy/Relating to Sewer Upgrade.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to advertise the
Public Notice of Public Hearings on the following: Residential Anti-Displacement

and Relocation Asst. Plan; Fair Housing Certification, Local Business and Employment
Plan-Non-Discrimination Policy; and Department of HUD Handicapped Regulations
and all those present voting aye. Hearings to be held on October 7, 1997 at 7:00 PM
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to refer the
request of Vivian Seay to the Planning Commission and hold a Public Hearing
on September 15, 1997 at 7:00 PM along with Percy Kidd and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted in accordance
with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, Subsection 7, Consultation with Legal
Counsel, to go into Executive Session.

Carter-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye
Bagg-absent Motion carried.

‘Qn a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to Teconvgte
into regular session in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom ‘*
sof Information Act, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, requires certification
by Council that the Executive Session conformed with Virginia Law, and that only.

