ref: reel_02_0525
date: 1968-11-18
content: The Regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on November 18, 1968 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Peck presiding.

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Lucy Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and H. L. Webb.

The meeting opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. C. M. Clark, of the Highway Department came before the Council to explain the plans for replacing the bridge on Ferguson Street and requesting approval of closing the street for the construction.

Mr. Clark explained plans for improving Court Street, saying that the Town will be required to furnish the right-of-way and easements, and bear cost of sidewalks and storm sewers.

Burke moved and Holland seconded that the Town accept the recommendations on Court Street improvements. Motion carried.

Bass reported that the 8" water line from Well No. 6 to Lee-Grant Avenue and on to Church Street has been laid.

Bass requested that no parking area be placed on Morton Lane at Court Street. The Manager will attend to it.

Webb reported that it is time to make arrangements for the annual Fireman's entertainment. The Fire Committee will meet on November 25th to complete the plans.

Bass moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That VEPCO be requested to hook up the Christmas lights. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Webb seconded that the Street Committee be authorized to revise the house numbering system for the Town, and make such future corrections and additions as needed. Motion carried.

A letter from Attorney Harry G. Lawson was read recommending that the taxes of Mr. Charles Elliott, a bankrupt, be marked off the records as uncollectable. Motion made and carried that this be done.

Approval was given Liberty Baptist Church to erect a sign at Church and Confederate Blvd.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Bass seconded that the attached resolution be sent to Governor Mills E. Godwin. Motion unanimously carried.

The meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 19996
record_id: 1016
page_number: 1

