ref: reel_02_0266
date: 1952-04-21
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on April 21, 1952, with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: J. E. Jamerson, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr, and J. T. Almond. Mrs. E. Lee Reynolds appeared before the council and asked for a street light to be put in front of her store. This was referred to the Street Committee for consideration. The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. At the request of E. T. Mitchell and the Town Manager that something be done to eliminate the traffic bottle-neck on Burge Street; with parking on one side and grease rack at Bonney's Service Station partly in the street on the other side it leaves only one lane for traffic. On motion of J. E. Jamerson, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr, that the Town Manager investigate and see if the grease rack is on the street property and make a report at the next meeting. The application of H. E. Repass for a position as Town Police was considered and deferred to a later date. A request from the Appomattox Garment Co., to change the name of Liberty Street to Patricia Ann Lane; and if approved they would furnish the street signs for the street. On motion of J. C. Caldwell, seconded by J. E. Jamerson that the name be changed to Patricia Ann Lane was carried. The Town Council requested the Town Manager to measure and compute the approximate cost of putting in a 4 in. water line to Carver High School, and make a report at the next meeting. The Virginia Novelty Co., requested the Town Council to make the necessary improvements on the Virginia Novelty Co., street to make it an all weather street. After much discussion on motion of C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by J. T. Almond that the Town Manager take the town equipment, men, tar and gravel that portion of Virginia Novelty Co., Street at spare times. Motion carried. The question was raised about giving people living out of the Corporation limits Sewer services. On motion by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by J. C. Caldwell that the cost for this service be the regular $15.00 fee plus $10.00 per year for one stool and $5.00 for each additional stool, plus all cost of making the connection to the Main Sewer. Motion carried. There being no further business the meeting was adjourned to meet again at the regular meeting date, May 19, 1952.
chunk_id: 19750
record_id: 770
page_number: 1

