ref: reel_03_0421
date: 1978-11-15
content: Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, with all members voting yes, to grant the Y.M.C.A. use of the Depot for one night a week, if there is no conflict with the Appomattox Jaycees, or Arts & Crafts Coop. and if they provide their own liability insurance.

At 11:00 P.M. the Council meeting was recessed, to reconvene at 7:30 on Wednesday, November 15, 1978 at 7:30 P.M.

The Reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Wednesday, November 15, 1978 with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding.

Members present were: R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, Samuel Carter, M. E. Gordon, and T. E. Conner.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion that the Sewer Rate for Out-of-Town customers be changed from $.38 per 100 assessed value to 100% of the water bill for 1978, seconded by Mr. Carter.

Conner-aye  Gordon-aye  Hubbard-aye  Carter-aye  Lawson-No

Mr. Conner concurred with Mr. Hubbard’s motion with the following statement to be inserted in the record, "that the In-Town rate should be changed in order that the two rates would generate revenue to balance sewer fund budget figure.

Council was notified by Mr. Britton, of his intent to write a news article on the HUD Project and the fact that we have not received another grant to complete this project.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion to adopt a resolution stating the Speed limits be 25 mph on all Town Streets except U.S. Route 460 and that signs be posted to that effect, seconded by Mr. Carter.

Conner-aye  Carter-aye  Gordon-aye  Hubbard-aye  Lawson-aye

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Gordon, with all members voted aye, to purchase the following equipment and expend the revenue sharing funds the following way:

Up-date the Town Code (5000.00)
79 Pick Up (6000.00)
Utility Building (1000.00)
Tools ( 620.00)
Bar Lights- Police ( 250.00)
Radar (2000.00)
Shotguns ( 600.00)
Office Work & Construction ( 2000.00)

Conner-aye  Hubbard-aye  Lawson-aye  Gordon-aye  Carter-No

There being no further business to come before the Council, the meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20573
record_id: 1593
page_number: 1

