ref: reel_03_0419
date: 1978-11-13
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, November 13, 1978, with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding.

Members present were R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, Samuel E. Carter, M. E. Gordon, and T. E. Conner.

Those also attending were: Miss Susan Deacon and Mrs. Jerry Burke, representing Y.M.C.A. Businessmen and Citizens present were: Fred Lawson, Harry G. Lawson, Bill Hunter, Merrell Ferguson, Bill Jamerson, Sam Ferguson, Burke Drinkard, Edwin Wallace, Ronald Coleman, Dick Hamilton, and John T. Paulette.

The minutes were dispensed with at this time to hear the citizens present.

Miss Susan Deacon, Y.M.C.A., presented a request to use the "Depot" for one night a week for physical fitness classes for preschool children. No action was taken at this time.

Mr. Harry C. Lawson, as a representative of the businessmen, presented their protest to the Sewer Rate Charge for Out of Town Customers. Several others voiced their opinions against the $.38 per hundred rate. Council took these opinions and requests under advisement and referred the rate to the Sewer Committee for their study and recommendations.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

The minutes of several committee meetings were read.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to approve the adoption of Appomattox Comprehensive Plan as amended.

Conner-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye

After some discussion, Council voted on a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to deny the request from Mr. Don Brown, Virten, LTD, to build a 48 Unit Apartment Complex due to the inability to supply water and sewer as recommended by the State Water Control Board. (see attached letter)

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, to Co-Sponsor the 1979 Appomattox Historic Railroad Festival to be held on October 13th and 14th with all members voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, the following resolution was adopted:

See Copy Attached.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to pay the Town's share of the S.S.E.C. Tests in the amount of $7,866.00 and to approve the completion of the second half of this Study.

Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Carter-aye

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to discontinue the CETA Program as of November 30, 1978.

Conner-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard - aye Carter-aye
chunk_id: 20571
record_id: 1591
page_number: 1

