ref: reel_02_0738
date: 1974-02-20
content: He also explained that Mrs. Campbell would like for the Town to require County taxes be paid before Town residents could purchase a tag. The Council asked that the attorney rule on this request.

Mr. Slagle explained that he had checked into possible funding of the "facilities maps" for the Town and found that there are no funds except those indicated in the Memo. He also explained the Town's need for these maps. Mr. Holland made the motion to authorize May-Hines & Associates to proceed with the preparation of these maps at a cost to the Town of $4500.00, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson made a motion that the Town require 160 psi plastic pipe for future water connections to the Town system, seconded by Martin Webb. Motion carried.

Mr. Pack reminded the Council that the deadline for filing as a candidate for the Town Council was March 5, 1974.

By letter ballot dated February 20, 1974, the Council voted unanimously to adopt the following resolution into the minutes:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia, that the Virginia Department of Highways is hereby requested to take over the following streets for construction and/or maintenance. This requested addition represents 440 feet of the total mileage due the Town of Appomattox for fiscal year 1973-1974.

1. Lee-Grant Avenue at its intersection with Church Street for a total distance of 165 feet. Right of way 50 feet. Recorded in Deed Book 144 page 576.

2. Pine Street from the end of existing State maintenance to U. S. Route 460 for a total distance of 275 feet. Right of way 50 feet. Recorded in Deed Book 113 page 541.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed
H. B. Pack Mayor
Signed
B. H. Mullins Clerk
BH. Mullins
chunk_id: 20189
record_id: 1209
page_number: 1

