# WORKSHOP MEETING – October 26, 2004

Page 2 of 3

November 8, 2004

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to allow the Appomattox Christmas Parade Committee to hold a
parade on Sunday, December 5, 2004 at 4:00 p.m. All members present voting

aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember.
McDearmon, Council voted to approve the use and waive the fee for Abbitt Park
by the Appomattox Christmas Committee on Sunday, December 5, 2004 from

-3:00 p.m. — 5:00 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On. a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the Governor's schedule for additional leave at
Thanksgiving, closing at 1:00 p.m. on Wednesday, Nov..24, closed Thursday,
Nov. 25 & Friday, Nov. 26, closing at 1:00 p.m. on Thursday, December 23, 2004
and closed Friday, December 24, 2004, also closed on Friday, December 31,
2004 for New Year’s. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

’ The Mayor read the following resignation dated November 3,. 2004:

To Whom It May Concem:

Due to the fact that I will be relocating my place of residence
outside of Appomattox, I hereby tender my resignation from the
_ Appomattox Planning Commission effective 11-03-04,

Respectiully,
James C. Sefter

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 A.7 of
the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of consultation with
legal counsel employed or retained by the council regarding specific legal advice
by such counsel, specifically being legal issues relating to. the negotiations for the
recovery of damages due to the negligent design of the Wastewater Treatment
Plant on Ethel Street.

VOTE: Bennett-aye, Mayberry-aye, Mitchell-aye, McDearmon- -aye, Wilson-aye,
Lawson-aye.

SWI