# REGULAR MEETING – October 12, 2004

Page 3 of 3

ee

583

Page 3 of 3
October 12, 2004

Ona motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,

Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to. Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of assignment of a specific
employee of the Town Council, specifically being the granting of paid or unpaid leave to
such specific employee, identified as Employee A.

‘VOTE: Bennett — aye, McDearmon — aye, Wilson -- aye, Lawson — aye, Mitchell — ;
absent, Mayberry — absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully

exempted under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and (2) only such public
business matters as were identified in the motion by which the closed meeting was
convened were heard, discussed considered in the meeting by this council,

VOTE: Bennett — aye, McDearmon — aye, Wilson — aye, Lawson — aye, Mitchell ~

‘absent, Mayberry — absent.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council.
voted to grant Employee A, a leave of absence for the period of October 18 - 29, 2004.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried.:

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Wilson, Council
voted to grant the leave to Employee A with Guaranteed Reinstatement. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Lawson,
Council voted to adjourn at 9:00 p.m, All members present voting aye. Motion carried,

ont C,

_ Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

ues Ww Vsundog —

Roxanne W. Mundy, CMC, Tow: