# REGULAR MEETING – October 12, 2004

Page 2 of 3

KO,

bee ee ee Dae 2 OF 8 an ee es ee RE ee ee a ee ee pe eee Re ete
oe ~ October 12, 2004 |
|

Ordinance Committee — — |
On a recommendation by Councilmember Wilson, the Ordinance Committee
recommends that Council accept the proposal of General Code Publishers to recodify the
Town Code and Ordinances providing internet capability and hardbound copies as
specified in the contract and that the contract be revised to specifications of the Town
Attorney as reported by Mr. Garrett. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Utility Committee —
Councilmember McDearmon reported that thé Notice to Proceed on South Church Street
Sanitary Sewer Improvements has been sent to George E. Jones & Sons, Inc.

There was no unfinished business.
On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,

Council voted to set October 25-29, 2004 and November 1-5, 2004 as Fall Clean Up
~ weeks, All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council
voted to ask VDOT to close the streets for the Downtown Christmas Parade on Sunday,
December 5, 2004 from 1:00 p.m, — — 6:00 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion : | | 4
carried, ;

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Wilson, -
Council voted to deny the request of Babcock Manor, Inc. for a reduction of the
availability fees for the out of town water connection. All members present voting aye.
Motion carried. .

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Bennett, Council
voted to recommend to the Board of Supervisors to observe Halloween on Sunday,
October 31, 2004, however if they are inclined to change it, Council will go along with
the change. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Qn a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to deny the request by Lela Mann for relief on her water bill. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council agreed by consensus to invite Ed McMahon to discuss “Smart Planning” with
Council Members, Chamber of Commerce, and other interested individuals”.

The Mayor also expressed a Special Thanks to Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield with
Channel 33/Channel 7 for the videotaping of the Railroad Festival to be aired on the \
channel in the near future. '