# WORKSHOP MEETING – October 26, 2004

Page 1 of 5

Be}

WORKSHOP MEEFING=- Oetobor:26, 2004).50-05 05 se ee

A Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, October
26, 2004 at 7:00 p.m, at the Municipal Building with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Members present: Joyce B. Bennett, N, H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon,
Jr., John L. Wilson and Marvin H. Mitchell, Absent: Steven E. Lawson.

Others present: Larry Mobley, Chad Denton, Times Virginian Newspaper, .

- Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, Bob Pierce, District Traffic Engineer VDOT, R. B.

Moore, Assistant Traffic Engineer VDOT, David T. Garrett, Jr, Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Mundy, Town Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting with a prayer.
Mayor Spiggle introduced Bob Pierce with VDOT who appeared before Council to

discuss the proposed 65-mph speed limit on the bypass. He wanted Council to be aware
of the facts regarding how we got to this point. Senator Ruff introduced $B408 but the

. 65-mph portion was added by VDOT. Mr. Pierce reassured Council that the speed zone
in front of the Shoppes of Appomattox would remain at 45-mph. There would be a .20

mile area to decrease traffic from 65 mph to 55 mph then to 45 mph in front of the
Shoppes of Appomattox.

*The average speed on the bypass is currently 64-mph. The average speed in

. front of the Shoppes of Appomattox is 5i-mph.

*VDOT believes the flashing lights and rumble strips will decrease speed cotting

into the area of the Shoppes of Appomattox.

*VDOT is in the process of trying to move forward with all the 65-mph locations

and they would like.to hear from Couneil either for or against

regarding this matters so they can move forward,

Update from David Garrett, Town. Manager regarding the return of pigeons to the
downtown area. The Town will continue to use the pellet gun to help rid the pigeons
from the downtown area, David also would like to experiment with a new product
similar to a clear plastic, adhesive spike to be placed on the buildings downtown.

Ona motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to deny a request for an out of town water connection by Evergreen
Homes, LLC for a lot at Cannon Oaks on Rt, 691. All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.