ref: reel_03_0855
date: 1984-01-09
content: On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to allow Moses Motor Co., Inc. to install a sign on their property as long as it meets height specifications, the necessary permits are obtained from the Highway Department, and it creates no obstruction of view.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

A supper for T. W. Lawson was planned for January 30, 1984 at Jeannes.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to go into Executive Session under Sec. 2.1-344, and all members present voting aye.
Motion carried unanimously.

Council reconvened into regular session at 9:00 P.M.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council authorized Mr. Britton to hire some part-time help during Ms. Mullins absence, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council authorized Mr. Britton to execute the option on the Gordon property and authorized payment for the purchase as budgeted.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to refer the property purchase at the Old Landfill to the Property Committee for their study and recommendations and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to appoint Mr. H. W. Conner, to fill the unexpired term of Mr. T. W. Lawson.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council the meeting adjourned at 9:10 P.M.
chunk_id: 20872
record_id: 1892
page_number: 1

