# Council Workshop – October 25, 2005

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 25, 2005 at 6:00 p.m. at the Municipal Building on Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present:  N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Joyce Bennett, John L. Wilson, Marvin H. Mitchell, Steven E. Lawson and C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others present:  Earl Pickett, Bobby Swanberg, Thomas Terry, Dot Wooten, Jane Kelly, Cliff Harvey, Debbie Baine, Diane Zahm, Chad Millner, Richard Bartelt, W. H. Craft, Sheila Palamar, Bryan Baine, Jeff Elder, Utility Director, Frank Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

## Dr. Diane Zahm held a “Community Workshop” for the purpose of determining:

What you like most about your Town.

What you dislike most about your Town.

What is making us keep one and do away with the other.

The audience formed into four groups to determine what each thought of the above questions.  Then groups of ideas were formed for the audience to understand what was liked, disliked and encouraging us to continue with what we liked and hindering progress or getting the things we most wanted for our town.

## After much discussion of the findings, the students and Dr. Zahm continue working on ways to provide the Town with information on the following:

Historic Preservation

Sign Ordinances

Aritechutural Compatibility

Also, Dr. Zahm will continue working on a “Survey” to enhance community involvement.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted pursuant to Section 15.2-1542(D) of the Code of Virginia to authorize Frank A. Wright, Jr. and A. David Hawkins, Town Attorneys, to prosecute criminal cases charging the violation of town ordinances, provided such prosecution is with the concurrence of the Appomattox County Commonwealth’s Attorney.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk			Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor
