# REGULAR MEETING – October 11, 2005

The Appomattox Town Council met in Regular Session on Tuesday, October 11, 2005 at 7:30 p.m. at the Municipal Building on Linden Street with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Members present:  Marvin Mitchell, Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon, John L. Wilson and Steven E. Lawson.  Absent:  Norman H. Mayberry

Others present:  David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, Chad Millner, Times Virginian, Jeff Elder, Utility Director, Carlton Duck, Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle called the meeting to order.

Mayor Spiggle gave an invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council approved the consent agenda of October 11, 2005.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

There were no public comments.

There were no appearances.

## Standing Committee Reports:

Mrs. Bennett reported on the Open House held at the new firehouse on October 2, 2005.

Mr. Garrett reported that the Finance Committee toured the area Visitor Centers on Monday, October 3, 2005 in order to gain information concerning their operations.

On a motion by Council member McDearmon, seconded by Council member Mitchell, Council voted to approve the Resolution for the Adoption of the National Incident Management System.

RESOLUTION FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE

NATIONAL INCIDENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS

## WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, Virginia does hereby find as follows:

WHEREAS, the President of Homeland Security Directive (HSPD)-5, directed the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to develop and administer a National Incident Management System (NIMS), which would provide a consistent nationwide approach for Federal, State and local governments to work together more effectively and efficiently to prevent, prepare for, respond to and recover from domestic incidents, regardless of cause, size or complexity;

WHEREAS, the collective input and guidance from all Federal, State, and local homeland security partners has been, and will continue to be, vital to the development, effective implementation and utilization of a comprehensive NIMS;

Page 2 of 2

October 11, 2005

WHEREAS, it is necessary and desirable that all Federal, State and local emergency agencies and personnel coordinate their efforts to effectively and efficiently provide highest levels of incident management;

WHEREAS, to facilitate the most efficient and effective incident management it is critical that Federal, State, and local organizations utilize standardized terminology, standardized organizational structures, interoperable communications, consolidated action plans, unified command structures, uniform personnel qualification standards, uniform standards for planning, training, and exercising, comprehensive resource management, and designated incident facilities during emergencies or disasters;

WHEREAS, the NIMS standardized procedures for managing personnel communications, facilities and resources will improve the Town’s ability to utilize federal funding to enhance local agency readiness, maintain first responder safety, and streamline incident management processes,

WHEREAS, the Incident Command Systems components of NIMS are already an integral part of various city/county incident management activities, including current emergency management training programs; and

WHEREAS, the national Commission of Terrorist Attacks (9-11 Commission) recommended adoption of a standardized Incident Command Systems;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED, by the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, that the National Management System (NIMS) is established as the Town of Appomattox standard for incident management.

All members present voting aye on the above resolution.  Motion carried.

Mr. Garrett reported on the Manger’s Information Items, including the two technical laboratory reports from DEQ, also information concerning a DEQ and Health Department Well Head Protection program and the beginning of Fall Leaf Collection that will start November 1, 2005.

Mr. Wright reported on the motion of response from JMT.  The judge ruled that JMT must send more information to support their claims prior to the deposition.

Mr. Garrett reported that the updated Town Zoning Maps are available at the Town

Office.

The Mayor reported that the October 25, 2005 Council Workshop will be held at 6:00

p.m. at the Town Hall on Linden Street for the purpose of an appearance by Dr. Diane

Zahm and students form Virginia Tech’s Department of Urban Affairs and Planning.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

____________________                                       __________________

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC				Ronald C. Spiggle

Clerk							Mayor
