ref: reel_03_0080
date: 01-04-1971
content: with the approval of Conner and the remainder of Council and offered the substitute motion, seconded by Conner that the Town buy one Air Pack and two extra cylinders substitute motion carried

The minutes of the previous Council meeting were read and approved as read.

The minutes of a street committee were also read.

A motion was made by Hubbard seconded by Spiggle to designate the period April 5 through April 16 as Spring Clean-Up Week. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Conner seconded by Guill to accept the following position statement:

The Town of Appomattox, a Municipality, situated in the Commonwealth of Virginia, declares that it is necessary for the construction, re-construction, alteration, maintenance and repair of a section of road situated in the Town of Appomattox, indicated as Court Street or State Route No. 131, Northeast of U. S. Route No. 460, to acquire certain land or interest therein pursuant to Section 25-46.1, et. seq., Code of Virginia, as amended, owned in whole or in part by Jamerson and King Realty Corporation.

The Town of Appomattox, a Municipality, hereby appoints William S. Kerr, its attorney in this matter and authorizes him to institute condemnation proceedings as provided in Title 25, Chapter 1, Code of Virginia, as amended, in the name of and on behalf of the Town of Appomattox, and as its attorney to make oath to the petition, all in accordance with the Statutes in this State in such cases made and provided.

Motion carried.

Hubbard - Aye
Spiggle - Aye
Conner - Aye
Guill - Aye
Robinson-Absent
House - Absent

The question of disposition of the old Town parking meters was referred to the Building and Property Committee for recommendation.

A motion was made by Conner seconded by Guill to accept the proposal from May-Hines Consulting Engineers for the design work and related engineering services for the downtown redevelopment project. Ayes 4 Nays 0
chunk_id: 20291
record_id: 1311
page_number: 1

