1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 24, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 25, 2021, at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, James J. Boyce,
Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle (via phone) and Claudia G. Puckette.

Appomattox Town Planning Commission present:  Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, Roger
Carson and Nathan Simpson.

Others present:  Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney; Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Christy Torrence, Office Manager; Rob Fowler, Director of
Community Development and Planning; Jeff Westbrook, Times Virginian; Brian McChesney
and Randy Pirtle, Blue Ridge Medical Center; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray,
Treasurer; and Roxanne Casto, Clerk

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting.

Chairman Mitchell called the Planning Commission meeting to order for the purpose of the
following public hearing:

  PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that at its meeting to be held on Tuesday, August 24, 2021, at
the hour of 6:00 p.m. in the Town Council Meeting Room, Appomattox Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia, the Appomattox Town Planning Commission will
conduct a public hearing on a proposed Ordinance of Vacation, pursuant to Virginia Code
Ann. Sec. 15.2-2272 to vacate an unopened portion of Second Street, depicted as “Second
Street 50 ft. R/W (Not Open)” on a plat dated June 3, 2021, entitled “Resurvey of Lots
166-183 Lee Grant Addition See D.B. 187 p. 724 . . . 2.583 Acres Surveyed for:  High Rise
Holdings LLC,” such plat or an updated version thereof to be recorded in the clerk’s office
of the Appomattox County Circuit Court (the “New Plat”), such unopened portion being
50 feet in width and extending 250 feet northwest from a parcel owned by the Civil War
Preservation Trust and identified as T.M. No. 64A2-4-3A (the “Unopened Portion of
Second Street.”) The effect of such proposed vacation shall be to vest such title as the
Town of Appomattox may possess to the centerline of such unopened street so vacated,
free and clear of any rights of the public, but subject to the rights of the owners of any
public utility installations which have been previously erected therein, in accordance with
the provisions of Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-2274, equally in the owners of abutting
properties as follows:

            a) The southwestern half of the Unopened Portion of Second Street shall be added
to T.M. No. 64A2-4-161 owned by Freddie R. Jones, or his successor in interest;

            b) The northeastern half of the Unopened Portion of Second Street shall be added
to T.M. No. 64A2-4-166 owned by High Rise Holdings LLC, or its successor in interest;

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 24, 2021

The Planning Commission will make its recommendation with respect thereto to the
Appomattox Town Council for its consideration at its meeting to be held on Tuesday,
September 7, 2021.

             PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that at its meeting to be held on Monday,
September  13,  2021,  at  the  hour  of  7:30  p.m.  in  the  Town  Council  Meeting  Room,
Appomattox Town Office, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia, the Appomattox Town
Council will consider the recommendations of the Planning Commission with respect to the
above-described proposed Ordinance of Vacation, pursuant to Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-
2272  to  vacate  the  above-described  portion  of  a  plat.   The  Town  Council  will  have  said
ordinance proposed to it for passage and will hold a public hearing thereon, pursuant to the
same statutory authority.

             The  entire  text  of  the  above-noted  Ordinance  of  Vacation  is  on  file  in  the  Town
Office, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia, and can be examined there between the
hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

 The public is invited to attend and make their views known.

Mr. Fowler provided a brief staff presentation with the request to close an unopened road off of
Jones Street.

There were no questions from the Planning Commission members.

There were no public citizen comments.

Chairman Mitchell closed the public hearing and the Planning Commission meeting.

Discussion Items:
Mr. Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney appeared before Council to provide a brief update on
the Town Council & Mayor elections originally scheduled for May 2022.  Since the General
Assembly also moved all Town elections from May to November, he will need to continue to
research options for the current Town Council and the next steps involved in the election
process.

Town Council provided consensus for Mr. Wright to return to Council later with options to
achieve the next Town election.

Council Comments:
Mr. Boyce shared a complaint he received regarding the lack of visibility exiting Harrell Street to
Church Street due to the fence/railing.  Mr. Shanaberger will bring back to Council options to
consider.

Mrs. Puckette – none

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 24, 2021

Mr. Simpson - none

Mr. Garrett – none

Mr. Tilton – none

Ms. Spiggle- none

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for revenues and expenditures though
July 1, 2021.

Mrs. Casto, Clerk of Council – none

Mr. Elder, Facilities Director explained the urgency in replacing 345’ of a 4” cast iron waterline
under 2 businesses on Court Street.  The approximate cost is $17,000 to replace the line.  Mr.
Elder will work within his FY 2022 water budget, and if a budget amendment is needed, it can be
done later in the fiscal year.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:

➢  Church Street Waterline Replacement Project – Staff continues to work towards the

closings with USDA and DHCD, possibly within the next 60 days.

➢  Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Grant – Staff will be closing on 3 contracts
tomorrow, August 25, 2021.  The marketing survey has been extended and will be
available on the Town website until September 10, 2021.

➢  The Request for Proposals (RFP) for Engineering and Project Services for the Train
Depot are due September 15, 2021.  The project area has been shown to 2 interested
firms.

➢  The Town Council Retreat is scheduled for Friday, September 17, 2021 at the Frozen

Food Locker.

➢  The Annual Virginia Municipal League Conference is still planned for October 3-5, 2021

in Leesburg, Virginia.

➢  The cell tower on the Thomasville property is about 75% complete.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 7:00 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

