1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 9, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, August 9, 2021,
2021 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette and James J. Boyce.

Others present – Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Chad Hodges, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.; Mr. and
Mrs. Gary Christie, Executive Director, Central Virginia Planning District Commission, Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne
W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

The meeting was also broadcast Live on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of the public hearing is to hear public comments for proposed changes to the Water
and Sewer Policy User Charges (including Water and Sewer Rates), Connection and Availability
Fees Administrative Policy with an effective date of October 1, 2021.

c)

Proposed Out of Town Water Rates:

October 1, 2021

0 – 2000
gallons
$17.40

Charge per 1000
gallons over 2000
$9.60

July 1, 2022

$17.85

$9.90

These rate changes are to be enacted pursuant to Section 15.2-2109 et. seq., with specific
reference being made to Sections 15.2-2119 and 15.2-2122, of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as
amended.  Documentation, including the complete ordinance and other information concerning
the documentation for the proposed fee are available at the Appomattox Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If
you have any questions, please contact Kimberley W. Ray, Treasurer or Gary L. Shanaberger,
Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 9, 2021

Public Comments – none

Mayor Conner closed the hearing.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner said he hoped this Council was doing the work they were elected to do.  He also
appreciates working with this team of elected officials and professional staff at the Town Office.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mr. Gary Christie, Executive Director, Central Virginia Planning District Commission appeared
to present Mayor Conner with a plaque of appreciation for service to the Planning District
Commission over the last year serving as Chairman.

Mr. Christie also provided an update on activities performed by the Central Virginia Planning
District Commission during the last year.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for Monday, August 9, 2021, as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to amend the Town of
Appomattox Water and Sewer Policy to include User Charges, Connection and Availability Fee,
Administrative Policy by increasing the out-of-town water rates effective October 1, 2021, and
thereafter with a multiplier factor of 1.5.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to approve an Amendment to
the Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the Fiscal Year 2021-
2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox, Virginia to set the Personal Property Tax Relief rate
for FY 2022.

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
TOWN COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2021-2022 BUDGET FOR THE
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle situses

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 9, 2021

within the Town commencing January 1, 2021, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 50.93% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 50.93% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

Attest:

_______________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, MMC, Town Clerk

_______________
Date

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to amend the Fund
Balance Policy for the Town of Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to advertise a joint public
hearing for Tuesday, August 24, 2021, at 6:00 p.m. for an Ordinance of Vacation for an
unopened street by Blue Ridge Medical on Jones Street.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
American Rescue Plan Act – Mrs. Puckette reported she and Mr. Garrett have not met since the
last Workshop meeting to discuss possibilities of funding activities with the American Rescue
Plan Act funding.  They would like input from other Council members.  Mr. Simpson mentioned
exploring options to abate blighted buildings and supporting local food banks.  Mr. Garrett will
also gather information on the cost of indoor air quality equipment for Town buildings.

Citizens Comment Period:
None

Town Manager Updates –
Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following activities:

➢  Church Street Waterline Replacement project – Staff is working with USDA and

DHCD to finalize the closing process.  He is hopeful the project will be going out for
bid in 90 days.

➢  The Public Works Department has been managing the fieldwork for the Inflow and
Infiltration (SBR) project.  Approximately $6 million has been spent on this project.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 9, 2021

➢  The Request for Proposals for engineering and project management services has been

advertised and RFP’s are due on September 15, 2021.

➢  Attended a meeting with Jonathan Garrett and Rusty Small and all agreed to hold the

fireworks on Saturday, July 2, 2022.

➢  The Town EDA meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, August 10, 2021 at 6:00 p.m.

Council Comments –
Puckette – none
Tilton – none
Simpson – inquired about the possibility of installing “No Parking” signs at the corner of
Oakleigh Avenue at Church Street.  Mr. Shanaberger said he would talk with VDOT.  Mrs.
Puckette inquired about the truck route.  Mr. Shanaberger advised that VDOT is still conducting
research for the study.
Spiggle – none
Garrett – none
Boyce – invited everyone to attend the Ball Brothers concert at the Courtland Festival Park on
Sunday, August 22, 2021, at 3:00 p.m.  In the case of rain, the event will be held at Bible Baptist
Church

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

