268:

Page 2 of 2
Council Minutes - March 10, 1997

At the regular convened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held
on Monday, March 10, 1997, Councilman Steve Lawson offered the
motion, seconded by Councilman Norman Mayberry.

Bass~aye Carter-aye
Lawson~aye Mitchell-aye
Mayberry - aye Pack-aye

Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved
the appropriation of $875.00 to the geologist to study the water
table for ground water flooding at the tricklin filter sewer system,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted in accordance with Section 2.1-344 subsections 2, of the
Code of Virginia, to go into Executive Session, specifically
regarding Personnel, and all those present voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to reconvene into regular session in accordance with the
provisions of the Freedom of Information Act: Section 2.1-344

of the Code of Virginia requires certification by Council that

the executive session conformed with Virginia Law, Council hereby
certifies that only such public business matters as identified

in the motion to go into Executive Session were discussed.

The motion was passed unanimously with the following recorded vote:
Mayberr-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Pack-aye Mitchell-aye
Lawson-aye and Pack-aye.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to recess and reconvene on Tuesday, March 25, 1997

at 7:30 PM and all those present voting aye.

Motion carried.

Ronald C. Spiggié, Mayor

