ref: reel_03_0825
date: 1983-01-10
content: On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to request from the State Board of Health that exceptions be given 'to the signing of vehicles' and 2. for the requirement of having an E.M.T. on every call," and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to authorize Mr. Britton to apply for a grant through the Community Development Planning Assistance Grants in conjunction with James C. May & Associates; if (1) May will do the grant on the basis of if we get the grant they get paid and (2) if the HUD office says it is a qualified project for this grant.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported to Council that we have received a letter from Farmers Home Administration saying we can use the money received from Morris Heights Apartments as any other revenue received. This means that we can use that money to reduce the amount we will need to borrow on the Sewerage Project.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to support the Town of Victoria, in their request to amend the State Code Section 2.1-168, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried. (See copy in Council file dated January, 1983).

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to table Item 5, New Business until the next regular meeting and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 9:35PM
chunk_id: 20846
record_id: 1866
page_number: 1

