ref: reel_03_0691
date: 1984-01-01
content: On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to deny the request from Mr. D. S. Nash for payment of interest in the amount of $1431.08 for late payment on the National Park Service Waterline Project.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to adopt the following Resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia, that the Virginia Department of Highways is hereby requested to take over the following streets for construction and/or maintenance:

1. That the Morris Heights Apartments construction of Gregory Street for a distance of 292 feet. Right-of-way recorded in Deed Book 46, Page 389.

2. Virginia Avenue extended for a distance of 483 feet. Right-of-way 35 feet, recorded in Deed Book 114, Page 579, and also Deed Book 133, Page 185.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried.

No action was taken on the Business License penalty after deadline at this time.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to go into Executive Session and all members present voted aye. Motion Carried.

Council reconvened in regular session.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to not purchase the property from M. E. Gordon on Route 1010 but to purchase the property adjacent to the Town Office in 1984 at a price of $5,000.00, from Mr. M. E. Gordon.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.

_____________________________             ___________________________
W. R. Britton, Jr.                                                   Ronald C. Spiggle
ACTING CLERK                                                          Mayor
chunk_id: 20776
record_id: 1796
page_number: 1

