ref: reel_03_0823
date: 1983-01-10
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 10, 1983, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, S. E. Carter, R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, and W. H. Carson.

Also present were: Julie Coffman, Recreation Committee, Fred (Bookie) Johnson, Bill Sherrod, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, the Agenda with the additions - Old Business, 11 Request from the Arts and Crafts for use of the Depot, 12. Request from the Auditor of Public Accounts, New Business, 4. Request from the Town of Victoria, 5. Discussion concerning proposed sites for Hazardous Materials dump, was approved by Council and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the minutes of the December 13, 1982 meeting, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Item 1, Old Business, the Financial Statement was tabled until the February meeting and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Julie Coffman reported to Council on the Recreation Committee's progress. She passed out a copy of the report to Council.

Mr. Carter, as Chairman of the Property Committee, reported to Council on the Ball Park. The main concern is that someone be responsible to supervise and coordinate the activities of the Park. His Committee has recommended that Mr. Bookie Johnson be appointed to this job.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to appoint Mr. Fred (Bookie) Johnson as Coordinator of the Ball Park, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to add Mr. Harry Carter’s Blue Cross-Blue Shield Insurance in the 1983 Budget, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to accept the credit from James C. May & Associates as shown on page 3 of a letter from Bernard C. Proctor, dated December 23, 1982, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously. (Copy in Council file-January 1983)

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to amend the Mandated Sewer Project portion of the 1983 Budget to show only that portion of the project that the Town plans to spend in 1983, that figure being $87,034.00 instead of the total project costs as previously shown. (Corrections to the Budget - January 1983)

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20844
record_id: 1864
page_number: 1

