ref: reel_03_0837
date: 1983-05-09
content: On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to table Item 3, Old Business, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Carter reported on the Property Committee's meeting on the telephone system. His Committee has recommended that we purchase the 308 System from Contel.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to table the purchase of a telephone system, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported that we have a contract with Mrs. Ould for the purchase of her property at 15,300.00. We have paid one-third of the purchase price and the final payment will be due in September, 1983.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council adopted the following "Appropriation Resolution".

AN ORDINANCE MADE TO APPROPRIATE FUNDS FOR THE CALENDAR YEAR, JANUARY 1, 1983 thru DECEMBER 31, 1983.

WHEREAS, the Town Manager, has heretofore, submitted to the Appomattox Town Council an Annual Budget for the TOWN OF APPOMATTOX for the Calendar year 1983, which has been approved by Town Council;

AND WHEREAS, it is necessary to Appropriate sufficient funds to cover said Budget;

THEREFORE, BE IT ORDERED, by the Appomattox Town Council that the following items be APPROPRIATED:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES            $263,382.00
GENERAL FUND RECEIPTS                263,382.00
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES              91,200.00
WATER FUND RECEIPTS                    91,200.00
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES               195,834.00
SEWER FUND RECEIPTS                   195,834.00
                TOTAL                $550,416.00

Carter-aye  Bass-aye  Noble-aye  Lawson-aye  Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, the Town Council voted to take $15,300.00 from the Unappropriated Surplus and add this amount to the Appropriations for 1983 in the General Fund.

Carter-aye  Bass-aye  Lawson-aye  Hubbard-aye  Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20856
record_id: 1876
page_number: 1

