ref: reel_02_0767
date: 1974-09-23
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, September 23, 1974, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Marvin House, Jr., Ronald Spiggle, Burke Guill, Mrs. Robinson, T. E. Conner, and R. C. Hubbard.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mr. Rick Shaklik of Central Virginia Planning District Commission was present to present and explain the Future Land Use Plan for the Central Virginia Area, and to request that Council adopt the plan. Council deferred action until they could study the plan further.

Mr. Phil Wheeler, of the Central Virginia Planning District Commission, presented and explained the Water Quality Management Plan for Central Virginia. After some discussion and questions by Council, Mr. R. C. Hubbard made the motion to adopt this plan, seconded by Marvin House. Ayes 6 Nays 0 Motion carried.

Mrs. Betsy Carter, co-chairperson of the second Annual Appomattox Railroad Day, presented a progress report to Council on the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival scheduled for October 12 and 13, 1974.

Mr. David Nash appeared before Council to request permission from the town to pump sewage generated at his development north of the Town of Appomattox into the Town sewerage system. Council took no action until the matter could be studied further.

Mr. Richard Paris met with Council to discuss a parking ticket he had received and circumstances pertaining to the ticket. Mr. Slagle was asked to check into the matter.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. T. E. Conner reported the Public Address System was ordered and has been received.

Burke Guill reported he had checked on Morris Heights Subdivision and they have no street lights. Council discussed the need for street lights but took no action.

Council referred the problem of congestion on 460 at the Imperial Station to the Highway Department for their study.

Mr. Marvin House made a motion to donate the sum of $15.00 to $20.00 to the Junior Woman's Club for the purchase of a trophy for float exhibits, seconded by T. E. Conner. Motion carried.

After dismissing the problem of limited parking on Main Street Mr. Spiggle, Mr. House, and Mr. Hubbard were requested by the Council to check into the possibility of purchasing some property on Lee Street for parking.
chunk_id: 20218
record_id: 1238
page_number: 1

