1  Regular Council Meeting

May 12, 2008

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on May 12, 2008 at 7:30
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor John L. Wilson, presiding and Council members Joyce B.
Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams, Steven E. Lawson. Absent were
C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Mary
Williams, Karl Carter, Paul Harvey, Chad Millner, Bryan Baine, Stephanie James, Bob Hopkins,
John R. Caldwell, Carlton Duck, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr.,
Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order.

John R. Caldwell, Executive Vice President and Cashier and Chief Operations Officer for the
Farmers Bank of Appomattox gave the invocation.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Bennett and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council approved the consent agenda dated May 12, 2008 as presented.  Motion carried.

Public Comments – none
Mayor’s Comments – none
Appearances - none
Unfinished Business – none

New Business
The Town Council gave general consensus to sending the request of Thomas R. Terry to rezone
Tax Map Number - 64A5(A)177 from R-2 to B-1 to the Appomattox County Planning
Commission for a Joint Public Hearing on June 16, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox
Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

Town Manager Updates –

•  David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager advised that a Street & Property Committee meeting

is needed to discuss the street light requests.

•  There was no council input regarding an applicants request for reasonable conditions that
may be imposed on property located on Lee Grant Avenue for a proposed duplex (multi-
family) dwelling.

•  David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager advised Council of his plans to present the video

footage of Well #15 from Brad White, DEQ.  Staff will be working to gather information
on the remedial casing pipe that is leaking water into Well #15 before the Workshop
Meeting on Tuesday, May 27, 2008.  The Virginia Department of Health is requesting the
well be fixed before placing the well back in service.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

