Page 2 of 2
Council Minutes - August 11, 1997

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to go with the bid from

Southern Corrosion at a one time payment of $57,430.00 for a three year maintenance
plan, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to grant the authority

to Mayor Spiggle to negotiate and sign the Consent Order as presented to Council, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to refer the
request from the property owners on Patricia Anne Lane for “No Parking” signs on

both sides of Patricia Anne Lane to the Street Committe for their study and all those present

voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted in accordance with
Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, Subsection 1, Personnel, to go into
Executive Session.

Bass-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Carter-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to reconvene
into regular session in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, requires certification by
Council that the Executive Session conformed with Virginia Law, and that only

such public business matters as identified in the preceding motion to go into Executive
Session were discussed. The motion was passed with the following recorded vote.

Ayes: Bass, Lawson, Mayberry, Mitchell, Carter, Pack
Noes: None

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.
MAYOR

Rogald C. Spiggle

CLERK

243

