ref: reel_02_0646
date: 1973-01-15
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 15, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present: R. C. Hubbard, Ivey Holland, Martin Webb, L. E. Conner, Burke Guill, and Mrs. Calvin Robinson. Mr. Sam Kerr, attorney for the Town, was also present.

Mr. Kerr appeared before the Council to report that the Town Code, pertaining to driving under the influence, needs to be brought up-to-date. Due to the Code being outdated the Town had lost two cases in Court. After some discussion on the changes to be made, Mr. Holland made the motion that the existing Town Ordinance pertaining to driving under the influence be amended to coincide with State Statues and Webb seconded. Motion carried. Mr. Kerr stated that he would have a new ordinance drawn up for the Town Code. A copy is attached to these minutes.

Mr. Kerr also reported that in order for the Town to sell the lots in Promise Land Subdivision they needed to officially authorize the Town Manager to have the deeds drawn up and a minimum price set. Conner made the motion to authorize the Town Manager and Mr. Pack to sell the lots in the Town's Subdivision, as platted by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., as Promise Land Subdivision, located in the Southside Magisterial District in Appomattox County for a minimum price of $1,575.00 for each parcel sold.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. Pack reported that the Town Council and the Appomattox County Planning Commission had held the public hearings on the change from I-1 to B-1 on Harrell Street as advertised and there was no opposition to the change. The Appomattox County Planning Commission has also held their hearing on the proposed change and has recommended to the Council that the area be rezoned as advertised. Mrs. Robinson made the motion to accept the Appomattox County Planning Commission’s recommendation and make the change in the Town Zoning Ordinance, to rezone, (same as advertised) Mr. Guill seconded the motion. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported that the bid price of $28,552.00 from J. Lawson Jones Construction Co. for the entire project of installing one 8" water main and one 6" force main was rejected. He then asked them for a bid on just the installation of brackets and diaphrams and received a bid of $2,310.00, which was also rejected. He further reported that he was now awaiting a bid on only the brackets to be welded to the girders.

Mr. Slagle advised the Council that the option was up on the Mell Lot 8. The Town is also in a position to buy the adjacent lot also, but Mr. Abbitt, owner of the lot, considers
chunk_id: 20116
record_id: 1136
page_number: 1

