ref: reel_02_0709
date: 1973-10-15
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council met on October 15, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: T. E. Conner, R. C. Hubbard, Burke Guill, Martin Webb, Mrs. Robinson, and Ivey Holland.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. Pack reported that Triangle Plaza now has eight buildings connected to the Town water line. We have not received any additional funds for these connections.

Webb reported the new fire siren is on order.

Conner brought up the question of whether the Town needs a full-time officer for night duty. No action was taken.

Guill reported the new street signs have been ordered.

Slagle reported that he had met with the Water and Sewer Committee to discuss Hankins and Anderson's rate study. He explained a summary he had prepared for the Committee's consideration. Council discussed the matter and authorized Mr. Slagle to meet with the F.H.A. representative to explore the funding mechanism further.

Slagle also reported that 'Railroad Day' has now expanded into an 'Arts and Crafts Festival' and from one day to two days. Council gave their support to 'Railroad Day & Arts and Crafts Festival' and also authorized Mr. Slagle to request permission to close Main Street on November 3, 1973 from 10:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Holland and seconded by Hubbard. Motion carried.

Slagle reported that the Town of Appomattox now holds a lease agreement on the Depot from Norfolk and Western Railroad. He also reported the sewer line near R. A. Sears has been installed up to Church Street.

Mr. Pack reported on the Court Street project and brought Council up to date as to the status of the project.

Mr. Hubbard reported that his Committee had received two bids for the car to be used by Mr. Slagle. After considering both bids, the committee recommended that we accept Lawson Ford's bid for a Ford Torino at a cost of $3,416.00. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to accept the bid and seconded by Martin Webb. Motion carried.

Hubbard reported that we needed to adopt certain sections of the drunk driving statutes in order to update the Code. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to advertise the Council's 'intent to adopt' which was seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20168
record_id: 1188
page_number: 1

