ref: reel_02_0229
date: 1949-09-05
content: Regular meeting of the town council Sept. 5, 1949, president of the council presiding, and the following members present: Dr. C. F. James, J. B. Jamerson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, F. L. Murphy and C. F. Moses, Jr. 

Mr. Cawthon presided as temporary chairman until a president of the council was elected. 
On motion by J. B. Jamerson and seconded by C. S. Jenkins, Dr. C. F. James was unanimously elected president of the council for the new term. 

Mr. Ivey Holland, with Mr. R. L. Burke, Sr. and Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon appeared before the council complaining of excessive speeds by motorists on Lee-Grant Avenue. 
On a motion by J. B. Jamerson and seconded by J. C. Caldwell the following ordinance was approved. 
'Be it ordained by the council of the town of Appomattox: That the speed limit on Lee-Grant Avenue in the town of Appomattox shall not exceed 15 miles per hour, effective on and after date of publication.' 

Mr. Ernest Chenault appeared before the council requesting additional fire hose for reaching several houses within the corporate limits. Dismissed for later discussion. 

Mr. Geo. F. Abbitt, Jr. appeared representing Mr. Hubert L. (Frog) Wilkerson requesting a license to operate a pool room in a building behind the Poe Hardware Co. A petition of objection signed by approximately 80 citizens was read as well as objections heard from Mr. F. L. Murphy, C. S. McDearmon, and Mr. C. S. Jenkins. Discussion was heard from J. E. Jamerson and J. C. Caldwell as to the right the town council has to reject the license. Action was made and duly carried that the town attorney secure a legal opinion in writing to the council for future consideration. 

Mr. A. A. Lane of the A. A. Lane Tank Co. of Lynchburg appeared with reference to painting the old water tank. On a motion by J. E. Jamerson and seconded by C. S. Jenkins action was deferred until the Mayor returns. 

Minutes of last meeting read and approved as read. 

Bid by Old Dominion Steeple Jack Co. of Richmond, Va. for painting old water tank read and action deferred until the Mayor returns. 

Letters from the local Garment Co. and the local highway resident engineer with reference to reduced motor traffic on Route 460 in the area of the Garment Co. were read and on a motion and duly carried the following ordinance was approved.
chunk_id: 19713
record_id: 733
page_number: 1

