ref: reel_02_0563
date: 1970-05-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on May 18, 1970 at 8:00 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack, presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. G. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. Lane, of VEPCO, gave the council an estimate on the cost of putting the lights at the ball park in good order. Estimate approximately $700.00 for labor, plus an estimate of $300.00 for materials.

Mrs. Roy Moon and Mrs. A. R. Harwood, Jr. representing the Appomattox Garden Club, asked the Council to make the Town a bird sanctuary. Mrs. Robinson moved and Hubbard seconded that an addition be made to the Town Code as follows:

'Sec. 4-7. Bird Sanctuary. The entire area within the corporate limits of the Town of Appomattox is hereby designated as a Bird Sanctuary. It shall be unlawful to trap, hunt, shoot, or attempt to shoot, or molest any bird or wild fowl, or to rob their nests. Provided, however, that if any birds become a nuisance or menace to health or property in the opinion of the Health Department, then the birds may be destroyed as ordered by the Health Department by the Appomattox Town Police.

Anyone violating this Ordinance shall be punishable by a fine of not more than $100.00 and/or imprisonment not exceeding 30 days.

This Ordinance shall take effect immediately.'

Also that the Town buy four signs from the Highway Department at approximately $10.00 each indicating that the Town of Appomattox is a Bird Sanctuary. Motion carried.

Mr. Robert W. Carter informed the Council that the Appomattox Ball Park Improvement Association wants to be released from the lease on the Town Ball Park, and that the Appomattox Youth Association wants to lease the park.

The matter was referred to the Property Committee.

Guill reported that Mrs. June Chenault has requested that a sidewalk be built on the south side of High Street from Bandana Street to Moses Street, and moved that this be done. Webb seconded. Motion carried.

The request of Mrs. Don Moses for payment for pumping her septic tank was refused.
chunk_id: 20033
record_id: 1053
page_number: 1

