ref: reel_02_0589
date: 1971-05-17
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on May 17, 1971 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, R. Q. Hubbard, and Ivey Holland.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mrs. Sam Evans and Mrs. Hazel Mann appeared and said that they thought that the keeping of horses and ponies in Town was a nuisance and requested that the Council pass an ordinance forbidding keeping them in Town. The Council took no action on the matter, as Mr. Atkinson, Health Sanitation Officer said that they were not objectionable.

Mr. W. E. Jameson, Fred Lawson, and H. G. Lawson, representing a proposed shopping center on the west side of Town, requested permission to connect to the Town water and sewer lines.

They were told that State Health Department approval would be necessary to connect to the sewer. Conner moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the sewer connection be allowed provided that State Health Department approves it. Motion carried.

Conner moved and Hubbard seconded that when water is furnished, that each building be metered when water is furnished. Motion carried.

Conner moved and Guill seconded that the water line outside of the Town be to the Engineers recommendation, installed by the owners, and become Town property to the shopping center property lines. Motion carried.

Guill moved and Hubbard seconded that a street running south from Morton Lane next to J. T. Ferguson lot be named "Winston Place". Motion carried.

Guill reported that one street light has been ordered at Ferguson Street and Morton Lane, and one on Confederate Blvd. opposite the school shop.

Holland moved and Guill seconded the $200.00 be given the Chamber of Commerce for brochures. Motion carried.

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that a sewer line be built on Morton Lane to the County lot. Motion carried.

Holland moved and Conner Seconded that the low bid of Moses Motor Co., Inc. for a fire truck chassis & cab be accepted. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20059
record_id: 1079
page_number: 1

