1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, October 26, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 26, 2010 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted
to accept the recommendation of the Appomattox County Planning Commission to amend the
Zoning Ordinance to include the following definition for Safety Services, private:  Uses for the
conduct of safety and emergency services for the primary benefit of the public; privately owned
and operated, including emergency medical and ambulance services.
Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett – aye, Spiggle –
no.  Motion carried 5-1.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to approve the Conditional Use Permit for Delta Response Team, LLC to operate an ambulatory
service in an M-1, Industrial District with no conditions.
Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett – aye, Spiggle –
no.  Motion carried 5-1.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to table Agenda Items #4 and #5 – Consideration to accept the recommendation of the
Appomattox County Planning Commission to amend the Zoning Ordinance to include the use
“multi-family dwelling” in Section 195-56 per the requirements of Section 195-15, Uses not
provided for, Special Exception and Consideration to approve a Conditional Use Permit for
Jamerson Real Estate to allow up to 16 apartments (multi-family dwelling) in an M-1, Industrial
District, respectively until November 8, 2010 (Regular Meeting) to provide the Town Manager
time to review the request and provide more information to Council.  Vote:  Garrett – aye,
McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – abstaining (Conflict of Interest),
Bennett – no.  Motion carried 4-1.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to table Agenda Item #6 – Consideration to accept the recommendation of the Finance
Committee to authorize the Town Treasurer to pursue financing for expenses related to our
share of the STAG grant projects with BB&T, not to exceed $650,000.  It also requests that the
Town Treasurer be authorized to secure bond counsel for the financing with BB&T, until the
November 8, 2010 Regular Meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Committee reports:
Finance – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on September 30, 2010 and
discussed Agenda Item #6 but has now decided to table the matter due to dated material

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, October 26, 2010

presented.  Mr. Gillespie will re-evaluate and move forward with an acceptable procedure for
funding options.
Ordinance – No report.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported that Mr. Wright, Town Attorney is working with Mr. Johnnie
Roark on the Landscaping Ordinance.
Personnel – No report.
Street & Property – Ms. Spiggle reported that the items discussed at the September 28, 2010 are
continuing to move forward.
Utility – No report.

Staff Reports – None other than what was attached to the agenda.

Council Concerns:
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted to
send Mr. Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Mr. Steven Conner, Council Member to the
Tobacco Commission meeting on Wednesday, October 27, 2010 in South Hill, Virginia.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Conner also reported that he is concerned that mutual agencies need to be formally informed
that the previous Town Manager is no longer employed or working on behalf of the Town of
Appomattox.  Mr. Gillespie will follow up on this matter.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

