1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, May 13, 2013 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry,
Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia Puckette.

Absent:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others:  Johnny Roark, Stephanie James, Katrina Koetring, Carlton Duck, Stacey Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Hearing Item #1
Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose:

WATER AND SEWER CONNECTION & AVAILABILITY FEES
The purpose of the public hearing is to hear citizen comments for proposed changes to
the Water and Sewer Policy User Charges (including Water and Sewer Rates),
Connection and Availability Fees Administrative Policy with an effective date of July 1,
2013.

a)  Proposed Water and Sewer Connection Fees:

Water
•  Standard ¾” water connection with water main located on same side of the road as

the residents $1,200.00 $1,500.00.

•  1” Water Connection - $2,000.00
•  Multi-Family/Unit - $1,200.00
•    For connection larger than ¾”, and require installing service line across any primary
or secondary roads, cost of connection shall be at cost of materials and labor.

Sewer
•  Standard 4” residential connection with sewer main located on the same side of the

as the residents $1,900.00 $2,200.00.

•  6” Sewer Connection - $2,600.00
•   For connection larger than the standard, and or installing service line across any
primary or secondary roads, cost of connection shall be at cost of materials and labor.

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

b)  Proposed Water and Sewer Availability Fees:

Single Family Dwelling
¾” Water & 4” Sewer
1” Water & 6” Sewer

WATER
$1200.00
$2,500.00
$3,500.00

SEWER
$1900.00
$3,000.00
$5,000.00

These rate changes are to be enacted pursuant to Section 15.2-2109 et. seq., with
specific reference being made to Sections 15.2-2119 and 15.2-2122, of the Code of
Virginia, 1950 as amended.

There were no public hearing comments regarding this item.

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Public Hearing Item #2
Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning
adoption by the Town Council of:

1.  To amend and reenact Chapter 175, Article III – Meals Tax by amending Sections 6 -
17 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, specifically noting §175-7 –
Levy, There is hereby imposed and levied by the Town on each person a tax at the
rate of 5% 8% on the amount paid for meals purchased from any food
establishment, whether prepared in such food establishment or not, and whether
consumed on the premises or not.

Comments:
Mayor Harvey read into the record a letter received from Sheila Palamar, The Babcock House.

Mayor Harvey and Town Council.

As you know the state has increased sales tax to 5.03 % effective July 1, 2013
With a 3% increase in Meals and Lodging tax this would take our tax to 13.3 %.  This will impact our local
customers who already are having to think twice about going to dine out.
I understand the need for more money in the budget. With the cuts that were made to tourism, Lodging
and Restaurants was impacted greatly. I feel like the small business are being targeted again.
I ask that you reconsider a 3% increase and try to look at the budget again perhaps with only a 1%
increase at this time.
Thank You for your consideration in this matter.

Sheila Palamar
The Babcock House

Jessie Murdock, 318 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia –
At what point do we see taxation as having a limit?  He urges Council not to raise taxes and
thinks there are wiser ways to raise money.

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Public Hearing Item #3
Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning
adoption by the Town Council of:

1.  To amend and reenact Chapter 33, Procurement Policy by amending Section 3 of the
Code of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, specifically C – Limitations on spending
authority and supporting provisions.

There were no public comments regarding this item.

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Public Hearing Item #4
Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the
following:

1.  Proposed FY 2014 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-

2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by
the Town of Appomattox for FY 2014:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

1,518,700.00
492,395.00
794,600.00
2,805,695.00

1,518,700.00
 492,395.00
794,600.00
2,805,695.00

There we no public comments regarding this item.

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
Johnny Roark, Appomattox County Planner and a consultant company appeared before Council
to provide three (3) alternatives to the gateway corridor along Old Courthouse Road.  VDOT has
been consulted throughout this process.  A lot has been included in this document.  They will be
putting together a draft planning document.  Council thanked them for coming and presenting
this plan.

4  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey stated his well wishes to Mr. McDearmon.

Consent Agenda
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda of May 13, 2013 with the addition of NB #2 – Consideration to accept the Boundary Line
Adjustment area offered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, specifically property
identified on the eastbound and westbound sides of Route 460 (Richmond Highway) contiguous
to the current corporate limits of the Town of Appomattox as identified on the attached map.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to accept the
recommendation from the Town Planning Commission and adopt an ordinance of vacation for
the unopened portion of Lizzie Street.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Ordinance of Vacation

[Unopened Portion of Lizzie Street connecting to the Ethel Street Extension]

WHEREAS, a plat entitled “Boundary Line Adjustment Survey”, dated October 3, 2011,
Divided December 9, 2011, by Elizabeth R. Rosser, was recorded in Plat Cabinet 1, Slide 182A,
in the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia (the “Original Plat”);

WHEREAS, the Original Plat showed certain portions of the premises set apart for
streets, alleys, parking areas or other public uses which, by recordation of the plat were intended
to be transferred in fee simple to the Town of Appomattox in accordance with Virginia Code
Ann. Sec. 15.2-2265 or its predecessor statute;

WHEREAS, among certain portions of the platted premises so intended to be transferred
in fee simple to the Town of Appomattox was that certain property being identified as “Parcel 1”
containing 0.106 acre, “Parcel 2” containing 0.050 acre and “Parcel 3” containing 0.055 acre,
all as shown upon a plat of survey entitled “Boundary Line Adjustment Survey, 0.211 Acre,
Surveyed for:  Town of Appomattox, Source of Title:  Town of Appomattox D.B. 24 P.184,” made
by Elizabeth R. Rosser, L.S., dated October 13, 2011, Divided December 9, 2011, and recorded
in the clerk’s office aforesaid at the Appomattox County Courthouse, which area remains an
unopened street;

WHEREAS, said street has never been opened, and there is no further need for the

unopened street to be opened;

5  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Town of Appomattox, acting by and through its Town
Council, to vacate that portion of the New Plat identified as Parcels 1, 2 and 3 by Ordinance of
Vacation in accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-2272;

WHEREAS, the effect of such vacation shall be to vest such title as the Town of
Appomattox may possess to the centerline of such unopened street so vacated, free and clear of
any rights of the public, but subject to the rights of the owners of any public utility installations
which have been previously erected therein, in accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code
Ann. Sec. 15.2-2274, equally in the owners of abutting properties as follows:

Parcel 1 containing 0.106 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-I-7A

owned by Bonnie S. Cunningham;

Parcel 2 containing 0.050 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-2-B

owned

by Jacqueline P. Hamlette and Troy Q. Coker;

Parcel 3 containing 0.055 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-H-2

owned by Edward D. Austin, Jr. and Leslie C. Austin;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED, that in accordance with the provisions of

Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-2272 that portion of the unopened section of Lizzie Street identified
on the New Plat as “Parcel 1” containing 0.106 acre, “Parcel 2” containing 0.050 acre and
“Parcel 3” containing 0.055 acres shall be, and the same hereby is, vacated, a public hearing
thereon having been duly advertised in accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code Ann.
Sec. 15.2-2204;

BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED, that a certified copy of this Ordinance of Vacation shall

be recorded after the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date hereof, unless appealed to the
Circuit Court for the County of Appomattox, Virginia, and thereafter if this Ordinance of
Vacation is affirmed by said Court, in the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox
County, Virginia;

BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED, that in accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code
Ann. Sec. 15.2-2274, the recordation of this Ordinance of Vacation as required in the preceding
paragraph shall operate to destroy the force and effect of that portion of the Original Plat so
described above and so vacated and to vest such title as the Town of Appomattox may possess
free and clear of any rights of the public, but subject to the rights of the owners of any public
utility installations which have been previously erected therein, in accordance with the
provisions of Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-2274, equally in the owners of abutting properties as
follows:

Parcel 1 containing 0.106 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-I-7A

owned by Bonnie S. Cunningham;

Parcel 2 containing 0.050 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-2-B
owned  by Jacqueline P. Hamlette and Troy Q. Coker;
Parcel 3 containing 0.055 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-H-2

owned by Edward D. Austin, Jr. and Leslie C. Austin;

The vote was:

Aye: 5
Nay: 0
Absent: 1

6  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 13, 2013

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the Boundary
Line Adjustment area offered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, specifically
property identified on the East Bound and West Bound sides of Route. 460 contiguous to the
current corporate limits of the Town of Appomattox as identified on the attached map.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Staff Reports –
Mr. Gillespie reported that Norfolk Southern is scheduled to begin working to repair the Court
Street crossing the week of May 20-23, 2013.

Citizen Comments:
None

Council Concerns:
Ms. Puckette thanked Mr. Roark – this plan looks very nice.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 810 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

