ref: reel_02_0559
date: 1970-02-16
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on February 16, 1970 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. David Nash appeared and requested assistance in establishing an airport in the County. He was told that the Town would like to see an airport in the County.

Mr. Harry G. Lawson, Town Attorney, reported that he is ready to proceed with court action to collect the back taxes. He requested permission to do this and it was granted.

Mr. Holland requested that the $150.00 budgeted for the Chamber of Commerce brochure be paid them.

Mrs. Robinson requested that the street name signs be checked and renovated.

The Town Manager was instructed to follow up on the rat killing program.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor

Signed C. S. Booth Clerk

Committee Meeting

A meeting of the Building and Property Committee was held on March 21, 1970 with Chairman R. C. Hubbard, Ivey Holland, and Burke Guill present.

Proposal for air conditioning the office area were studied. The bid of Owen Heating and Sheet Metal was considered the best proposal and was accepted by unanimous vote.

Signed R. C. Hubbard Chairman

Signed C. S. Booth Clerk
chunk_id: 20029
record_id: 1049
page_number: 1

