125

Regular Meeting - April 13, 1992

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, April 13, 1992 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle E.
presiding. '

Those present were: R. C. Hubbard, H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass,
W. H. Carson, S. E. Carter, and Marvin H. Mitchell.

Others present: Bill Sherrod, Dennis Gragg, Cheryl Freeman, :
and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk. ;
|

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
approved the Consent Agenda with the following additions:

9. Sawdust from Thomasville, 10. Darrell Mayberry's request on
his street, and ii. Conditional Use Permits, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

oo

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to remain a member of Central Virginia Planning District
Commission and pay the dues of $460.89.

Bass-nay Carson-nay Hubbard-aye Conner-aye Mitchell-aye
Carter-aye Motion carried by 4 to 2 vote in favor.

Mr. Frank Staley and Rick Tomlin, representing Appomattox Cable
TV appeared before Council to discuss the system. They plan
new channels and expect to enlarge the subscriber area. i

Mayor Spiggle reported that he has received the Virginia |
Municipal Rate agreement with Virginia Power. |
;

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council

voted to adopt the Municipal Rate Agreement for Virginia Power
and authorize the Mayor to sign the Agreement and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to table the request from the Chamber of Commerce to |
appoint a member to the Visitor Center Board until next month and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
refer the request from the Appomattox Assembly to build an
Office Building and meeting room on the property they own on
Patricia Anne Lane, to the Planning Commission for their study
and recommendation and all those present voting aye.

Motion carried.

