ref: reel_02_0587
date: 1971-04-19
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on April 19, 1971 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and W. L. Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Webb reported that bids had been received from three companies for building a fire truck on a chassis and cab to be furnished by the Town.

Webb moved and Conner seconded, That the bid of $17,971.91 submitted by Oren Roanoke Corporation of Vinton, Virginia be accepted. Motion carried unanimously. The other bids were:

American LaFrance $21,805.00
Hahn Motors, Inc. 22,337.00

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that bids be received for a chassis and cab. Motion carried.

Guill reported that long brackets for street lights could be obtained for $50.00 each.

The Town Manager was instructed to attend the Solid Waste Operations course at V.P.I. on May 18-20, 1971.

Conner reported that the Appomattox Ball Park Improvement Association wants the Town to take maintenance and operation of the Ball Park. Hubbard was requested to check into the matter.

Conner reported that he had been requested by Mrs. Hazel Mann and Mrs. Sam Evans to have an ordinance passed to ban the keeping of horses and ponies in Town. The Town Manager was instructed to confer with the Health Department on it and to invite Mr. Atkinson to the next Council meeting.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Conner seconded that the Town Manager set a date for a joint public hearing on the proposed revision to the Subdivision Ordinance that changes Sections 801-1-2-1 and 801-1-2-2. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Webb seconded that the Virginia Department of Highways be requested to take over the maintenance of the following streets:

Unnamed street between Morton Lane and the railroad next to J. T. Ferguson. 200 feet
Ethel Street east of Edgewood St. 217 feet
Highland Ave. east of Court Street 325 feet
Lombardy Street 578 feet
chunk_id: 20057
record_id: 1077
page_number: 1

