# REGULAR MEETING – July 08, 2002

Page 2

UGh

Page 2 of2— . - - |
Council Minutes : \
July 8, 2002 :

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Carson, the Council voted to name David T. '
Garrett, Jr. Zoning Administrator for the Town of Appomattox. All members voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to allow an out
of town water connection to Sharon Bryant on Lot #24 on State Route 658. All members voting
aye. Motion carried. .

On a motion made by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to allow an out i
of town connection to James Gowin on Rt. 691 near Walton Place Subdivision. All members |
voting aye. Motion carried. :

Mr. Garrett informed Council members of a Joint Meeting with the Planning Commission and
Board of Supervisors on July 29, 2002 at 7:00 p.m. at the Courthouse to discuss the
Comprehensive Plan.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to refer the request for a
sign by the Memorial Methodist Church to be placed on Rt. 460 near the Elementary School to
the Street Committee. All members voting.aye. Motion carried.

The standing committees will stand for the 2002-2004 term of Council.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711, Subsection A, Item 7, of the State Code, for the
purpose of obtaining legal advice on a pending matter.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best
of each members knowledge: 1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the Closed Meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and 2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this Council.

Vote:
Lawson — absent Mayberry — aye Mitchell ~- aye
McDearmon — aye Carson — aye Bennett — aye

_ Nays: 0
Absent: 1

Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting, adjourned.

Pocasns (paler

Roxanne W. Paulette, Deputy Clerk _ |

Ronald C. Spiggle, Mi