# SPECIAL MEETING – July 15, 2002

Page 2 of 2


The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, “July 2 23, 2002 at
7:00 p.m. at the Town Office with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: S. E. Lawson, Joyce Bennett, W. H. Carson, N: H. Mayberry, C. L.
McDearmon, Jr., Marvin Mitchell.

Others present: David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, William M. Phillips, Town
Attorney, Lisa Knott, Times Virginian, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the workshop meeting with a prayer.

On a motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to :
amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox by adding Chapter 74, Article X, consisting
of Section 74-93 through 74-323 referring to the regulations of the siting of wireless
telecommunications facilities within the Town of Appomattox. All members voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to table the
request to erect a directional sign on Rt. 460 near Appomattox Elementary School by the
Memorial Methodist Church to the August 12, 2002 Regular Council Meeting. All
tnembers voting aye. Motion carried.

David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager gave Council an update on the water levels and well
status.

David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager also gave Council an update and information on the
levels of copper that Founders Furniture is discharging to the Town.

With no further business to come before Council, the meeting was adjourned.

Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette, Deputy Clerk

~~