1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
June 25, 2015

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Thursday, June 25, 2015
at 5:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle and
Claudia G. Puckette and Steven T. Conner.

Others present:  Bill Gillespie, Town Manager.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call meeting to order.

On a motion by Council Member Spiggle, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session pursuant to 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion of prospective candidates for appointment for the council
vacancy created by the death of Councilman Norman H. “Jimmy” Mayberry on May 14, 2015.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle –yes, Conner –yes, Puckette –yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public at 5:45 p.m.

Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Garrett and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon –yes, Spiggle –yes, Conner –yes, Puckette – yes.

On a motion by Council Member Spiggle, seconded by Council Member Puckette, Council voted
to appoint M. Erin Finch to fill the unexpired term of Mr. Norman H. “Jimmy” Mayberry until
the next Town Council General Election on May 6, 2016.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
June 25, 2015

With no further business, Council Member Garrett made a motion for adjournment at 5:50 p.m.,
seconded by Council Member Conner.
Ayes:  Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Conner, Puckette.
Noes:  None
Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

