1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, August 14, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Mr. Tracey Shaw; Mr. Sam Vance; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Carlton Duck, Alive
Media; Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING UNDER SECTION 15.2-2606 CODE OF
VIRGINIA OF PROPOSED ISSUANCE OF TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
$1,156,00,000 WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT GENERAL OBLIGATION
BOND, SERIES 2023B

NOTICE is hereby given of a public hearing before Town Council on the issuance of the
Town’s  $1,156,000  Water  System  Improvement  General  Obligation  Bond,  Series  2023B  to  be
held at the Town Hall, 210 Linden St., Appomattox, Virginia on August 14, 2023, at 6:30 PM.
This is the second in a series of Water System Improvement General Obligation Bonds issued for
improvements to the Town’s Church Street water distribution system.  The first bond in the series
was approved by Town Council on October 26, 2021. Interested persons may attend and express
their views.

Public comments-none

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Reverend Duck led the Prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor Conner welcomed everyone to the meeting and stated the Town Council has made many
endeavors to improve the Town community.

Scheduled Public Appearances: none

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda as presented on August 14, 2023.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt A Resolution
Authorizing the Issuance, Sale and Award of the TOA up to $1,156,000-Water System
Improvement General Obligation, Bond Series 2023B.

A RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE ISSUANCE, SALE, AND AWARD OF AN UP TO
$1,156,000.00 WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT GENERAL OBLIGATION BOND,
SERIES 2023B AND PROVIDING FOR THE FORM, DETAILS AND PAYMENT
THEREOF

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, Virginia (the “Town”), is a public body politic
and corporate of the Commonwealth of Virginia duly created under charter by Order of the Circuit
Court of Appomattox County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925; and

WHEREAS, the Town has determined to replace certain of its water lines on Church
Street in the Town and to finance such in part through the issuance of its general obligation bonds
(the “Project”);

WHEREAS,  by  Resolution,  dated  October  26,  2021,  (the  “2021  Resolution”)  the
Town  Council  authorized  to  be  issued  the  Town’s  up  to  $500,000  Water  System  Improvement
General Obligation Bond, Series 2021 (“Series 2021 Bond”) to finance the Project;

WHEREAS according to the 2021 Resolution the Town Council hereby changes
the  series  designation  on  the  Series  2021  Bond  to  the  “Town  of  Appomattox  $500,000  Water
System Improvement General Obligation Bond, Series 2023A” (the “Series 2023A Bond”);

WHEREAS, the United States of America acting through the Rural Utilities Service
(the  “Government”),  has  offered  to  purchase  the  Town’s  up  to  $1,156,000.00  Water  System
Improvement General Obligation Bond, Series 2023B Bond, bearing interest at the rate and on the
terms  and  conditions  otherwise  described  in  Section  2.2  below,  to  purchase  the  Series  2023A
Bond, to further provide a Rural Development Grant not to exceed $1,125,000 (the “RUS Grant”),
which together with a Community Development Block Grant of $650,000 (the “CDBG Grant”)
(together the “Grants”) on the terms described in a Letter of Conditions, dated May 20, 2021, as
amended by a Letter of Conditions, dated June 20, 2023, attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Letter
of Conditions”) will result in a total project financing of $3,431,000.00; and

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

WHEREAS, the Town has determined to satisfy the terms of the Letter of Conditions

and award the bonds to the Government, and to accept the Grants;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY TOWN COUNCIL OF THE TOWN

OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA:

ARTICLE 1)
AUTHORIZATION OF PROJECT

Section a)

The Project:  In order to improve the Town’s water lines on Church
Street serving the citizens of the Town, the Project has been duly authorized by Loan Resolutions
(RUS Bulletin 1780-27) of the Town Council, dated April 6, 2021 and July 10, 2023 copies  of which
are attached hereto as Exhibit B and which are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved. The Town
hereby ratifies confirms and approves the RUS Grant Agreement (RUS Bulletin 1780-12), a copy of
which are on file with the Town, and the CDBG Grant.

ARTICLE 2)
AUTHORIZATION, FORM, EXECUTION, DELIVERY,
REGISTRATION AND PREPAYMENT OF BOND

Section a)

Authorization  of  Bond;  Acceptance  of  Grants:    There  is  hereby
authorized  to  be issued  the general obligation bond of the  Town in  the  principal  amount  of up to
$1,156,000.00  to  provide  funds  to  finance  the  Project.    The  bond  shall  be  designated  “Town  of
Appomattox, Virginia $1,156,000.00 Water System Improvement General Obligation Bond, Series
2023B” (the “Series 2023B Bond”) and shall be sold to the Government upon the terms set forth in
the Letter of Conditions. The acceptance of the Grants is hereby approved. The proceeds from the
issuance and sale of the Series 2023B Bond and the Grants shall be used to pay the costs of the Project.

Section b)

Details of Series 2023B Bond:  The Series 2023B Bond shall be issued

as follows:

(a)

A single fully registered Series 2023B Bond without coupons in the
denomination of $1,156,000.00, registered in the name of United States of America, Rural Utilities
Service, which shall be numbered R-1, shall be dated the date upon which the Series 2023B Bond is
delivered to the Government upon payment of the purchase price (the “Closing Date”) and shall bear
interest  at the  rate not  to  exceed Two and One Quarter (2.25%) Per  Cent  per year on the  unpaid
principal balance; provided, however, that should the Government offer a lower rate of interest on the
Series  2023B  Bond,  such  lower  rate  shall  be  conclusively  accepted  by  the  Town,  including  the
associated lower installment amount for payment thereof, it being the intent of the Town to obtain to
lowest cost of borrowed funds for the permanent financing for the Project. The Series 2023B Bond
shall be in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit C hereto.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

(b)

 The  Series  2023B  Bond  shall  provide  for  monthly  payment  of
combined principal and interest beginning one month following the Closing Date and continuing each
month thereafter for a period of 479 months until paid.  If not sooner paid, the final installment shall
be due and payable 480 months from the Closing Date.  The payment of every installment shall be
applied first to interest accrued to the payment date and then to principal.  In the event the Closing
Date occurs on the 29th, 30th or 31st day of a month, the installment payment date shall be the 28th
day of the month.

(c)

Installments shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America in accordance with the Preauthorized Debit System described in the Letter of Conditions at
such address as shall be provided from time to time by the registered owner, except that the final
installment shall be payable upon presentation and surrender of the Series 2023B Bond at the office
of the Registrar.

Section c)

Execution of Series 2023B Bond:  The Series 2023B Bond shall be
signed by the Mayor of the Town and countersigned by its Clerk and its seal shall be affixed thereto.
The Mayor is expressly authorized and directed to finally determine and approve the details of the
Series 2023B Bond except that (a) the maximum principal shall not exceed $1,156,000,000 (b) the
maximum interest rate shall not exceed Two and One Quarter Per Cent (2.25%) per annum and (c)
the final maturity date shall be a date no later than forty (40) years from the date of issuance. Such
determination  and  the  execution  and  delivery  of  the  Series  2023B  Bond  on  the  closing  date  and
delivery to the Government shall constitute conclusive evidence of approval and no further action by
the Town shall be required.

Section d)

Registration and Exchange of Series 2023B Bond:  The Treasurer of
the Town is hereby appointed Registrar.  Transfer of the Series 2023B Bond may be registered upon
books maintained for that purpose at the office of the Registrar. The initial address of the registered
owner of the Series 2023B Bond shall be Finance Office, USDA Rural Development, 1520 Market
Street,  St.  Louis,  Missouri  63103-2696.    Prior  to  due  presentment  for  registration  of  transfer  the
Registrar shall treat the registered owner as the person exclusively entitled to payment of principal
and interest and the exercise of all other rights and powers of the owner. The Series 2023B Bond shall
initially be registered in the name of Rural Utilities Service with an address of 1520 Market Street,
St. Louis, Missouri 63103-2696.

Section e)

Delivery of Series 2023B Bond:  The Mayor and the Clerk are hereby
authorized and directed to take all proper steps to have the Series 2023B Bond prepared and executed
in accordance with its terms and to deliver the Series 2023B Bond to the Government upon payment
therefor.  The Mayor and the Clerk are further authorized and directed to agree to and comply with,
on behalf of the Town, all further conditions, and requirements of the Government not inconsistent
with this resolution in connection with its purchase of the Series 2023B Bond.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Section f)

Prepayment of Series 2023B Bond:  Installments of principal due on
the Series 2023B Bond may be prepaid at the option of the Town at any time as a whole or in part
from  time  to  time  (and  if  in  part in  inverse  order of  their  maturities), without  premium, from  any
source.  Prepayments of installments of principal shall not affect the obligation of the Town to pay
the remaining installments payable as provided in Section 2.2.

Section 2.7.

Form of the Series 2023A Bond: The form of the Series 2023A Bond

is attached hereto as Exhibit D.

ARTICLE 3)
REVENUES AND FUNDS; BOND PROCEEDS; RESERVE

Section 3.1

Revenue  Fund:    All  rates,  fees  and  other  charges  or  other  revenue
derived from the ownership or operation of the Town’s water utility system (the “System”) shall be
collected  and so  far  as may  be practicable, deposited not less frequently than weekly  in a special
account designated the Revenue Fund.  Moneys on deposit in the Revenue Fund shall be used only in
the manner and priority set out below.

Section 3.2

Rates and Charges:

The Town covenants that it shall establish and
collect rates and charges with respect to the System sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on
the Series 2023A Bond and Series 2023B Bond (together the “Bonds”). Further, as required under
the Letter of Conditions, the Town hereby approves and confirms that a Ten Percent (10%) penalty
shall be assessed on  all  user  accounts with  respect  to the System that are not paid,  in  full, within
twenty (20) days from the date of billing therefor. To the fullest extent allowed under Virginia law,
the Town shall discontinue service to any user if such billing invoice is not paid within sixty (60) days
after the due date thereof, and further, such service shall not be restored until all past charges have
been paid and all accrued penalties, including a reconnection charge, have been paid to the Town, in
full.

Section 3.3  Debt  Service  Fund:    Each  month  the  Town  shall  transfer  from  the
Revenue  Fund  to  a  separate  account  designated  the  Debt  Service  Fund  an  amount  equal  to  the
installments of interest, or principal and interest coming due on the Bonds that month.  If there should
be insufficient moneys in the Revenue Fund for this purpose, the deficit shall be added to the required
payment for the month or months next ensuing until such deficit is eliminated.  When the balance in
the Debt Service Fund equals the principal of and interest on the Bonds then outstanding to maturity,
no further transfers to the Debt Service Fund shall be required.  The Town shall pay installments of
principal and interest on the Bonds as the same become due from the Debt Service Fund.

Section 3.4

Balance  in Revenue  Fund:   Any balance remaining  in  the Revenue
Fund each month, after making the transfers required by Section 3.3 may be used by the Town for
any lawful purpose.

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Section 3.5

Pledge of Revenues:

(a)

All revenues and receipts derived by the Town from the use of and
services furnished by the System (the “Revenues”) and all moneys in the Revenue Fund and the Debt
Service Fund are hereby pledged to the payment and performance of the Town’s obligations on the
Bonds,  such  pledge  to  be  on  a  par  with  all  prior  pledges  of  revenue  from  the  System  securing
indebtedness incurred for improvement of the System,  subject to the rights of the Town to use the
Revenues for the operation and maintenance expenses of the System, as provided herein.

(b)

The pledge of Revenues pursuant to this Resolution with respect to the
Bonds shall be valid and binding from and after the Closing Date. The Revenues, as received by the
Town, shall be immediately subject to the lien of such pledge without any physical delivery of them
or further act. Such pledge of the Revenues to secure the payment and performance of the Town's
obligations  under  the  Bonds  shall  be  on  a  par  with  all  prior  pledges  of  revenue  from  the  System
securing indebtedness incurred for improvement of the System and have priority over all obligations
and liabilities of the Town. The lien of this pledge of the Revenues with respect to the Bonds shall be
valid and binding against all parties having claims against the Town regardless of whether such parties
have notice thereof.

NEITHER THE BONDS NOR THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE TOWN UNDER THE
LETTER OF CONDITIONS OR THIS BOND RESOLUTION CONSTITUTE A DEBT OR
A PLEDGE OF THE FAITH AND CREDIT OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
OR  ANY  OTHER  POLITICAL  SUBDIVISION  OF  THE  COMMONWEALTH  OF
VIRIGNIA.

Section 3.7

Construction Fund; Account Pledge:  All amounts from the proceeds
of  the  Bonds shall  be deposited  in  a separate account with  a  qualifying depository designated  the
Construction  Account  and  shall  be  used  solely  for  the  purpose  of  paying  authorized  costs  of  the
Project. All amounts in the Construction Fund are hereby pledged to secure the payment of principal
and interest on the Bonds.

ARTICLE 4)
SECURITY FOR DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS

Section a)

Security for Deposits:  All moneys on deposit with any bank or trust
company shall  be secured for  the  benefit  of  the  Town and  the holder of  the Bonds  in the  manner
required by the Virginia Security for Public Deposits Act (Chapter 44, Title 2.2, Code of Virginia of
1950, as amended) or any successor provision of law.

ARTICLE 5)
MISCELLANEOUS

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Section a)

Contract  with  Bondholder:    The  provisions  of  this  resolution  shall
constitute a contract between the Town and the holder of the Bonds for so long as the Bonds and
interest thereon are outstanding.

Section b)

Town Officers and Agents:  The officers and agents of the Town shall
do all acts and things required of them by this resolution, the Bonds and the Virginia Public Finance
Act (Chapter 26, Title 15.2, Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended) for the complete and punctual
performance of all the terms, covenants and agreements contained therein.

Section c)

Limitation  of  Rights:    Nothing  expressed  or  mentioned  in  or  to  be
implied from this resolution or the Bonds is intended or shall be construed to give to any person or
company other than the parties hereto and the holder of the Bonds any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or in respect to this resolution or any covenants, conditions and agreements herein
contained; this resolution and all of the covenants, conditions and agreements hereof being intended
to be and being for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and the holder of the Bonds as
herein provided.

Section d)

Limitation of Liability of Officials of Town:  No covenant, condition
or agreement contained herein shall be deemed to be a covenant, agreement or obligation of a present
or future member, officer, employee or agent of the Town in his individual capacity, and neither the
members of the Town Council nor any officer thereof executing the Bonds shall be liable personally
on the Bonds or be subject to any personal liability or accountability by reason of the issuance thereof.
No member, officer, employee, or agent of the Town shall incur any personal liability with respect to
any other action taken by him pursuant to this resolution or the Virginia Public Finance Act (Chapter
26, Title 15.2, Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended), provided he acts in good faith.

Section e)

Conditions  Precedent:    Upon  the  issuance  of  the  Bonds  all  acts,
conditions and things required by the Constitution and statutes of the Commonwealth of Virginia or
this resolution to have happened, exist and to have been performed precedent to or in the issuance of
such Bonds shall have happened, exist and have been performed.

Section 5.6

Series  Designation:    In  the  event  the  Bonds  are  not  issued  during
calendar year 2023, the Mayor and Clerk of the Town are hereby authorized and directed to change
the series designation to such other year as may be appropriate at the time of their issuance.  Thereafter
all references in this resolution to the Bonds shall be deemed to refer to the general obligation Bonds
issued pursuant to Article 3 under their new series.

Section 5.7

Repeal  of  Resolutions  in  Conflict:    All  other  resolutions,  or  parts
thereof, in conflict with this resolution or the 2021 Resolution are hereby repealed except for such
resolutions as may have been adopted by the Town at the specific request of the Government as a
condition to its purchase of the Bonds.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Section 5.8.  Reserves;  Audit  Requirements,  Accounts  and  Records.  The
establishment, funding and maintenance of reserves as required by the Government as described in
the  Letter  of  Conditions  are  hereby  authorized  and  approved.  The  Mayor  and  Clerk  are  hereby
authorized and directed to coordinate with the Town's outside auditors for the Town to satisfy (and
otherwise comply with) the audit requirements and any other accounting and financial reporting terms
and conditions as set forth in the Letter of Conditions.

Section 5.9

Successors and Assigns:  All the covenants, stipulations, promises and
agreements of the Town contained in this resolution shall bind and inure to the benefit of its successors
and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 5.10  Headings:  Any headings in this resolution are solely for convenience
of  reference  and  shall  not  constitute  a  part  of  the  resolution  nor  shall  they  affect  its  meaning,
construction, or effect.

Section 5.11  Severability:    If  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  shall  hold  any
provision of  this resolution  to be  invalid  and unenforceable, such  holding shall not  invalidate any
other provision hereof.

Section 5.12  Filing  of  Bond  Resolution.  The  Mayor  or  Clerk  Council,  either  of
whom may act, any other appropriate representative or agent of the Town, is hereby authorized and
directed to see to the filing of a certified copy of this resolution in the Office of the Clerk of the Circuit
Court of the County of Appomattox.

Section 5.13  Effective Date:   This  resolution shall  take effect  immediately.   The
Clerk of the Town is hereby authorized and directed to file a certified copy of this resolution in the
office of the Town.

This Resolution was passed by a vote of the Appomattox Town Council on the 10th day of

July, 2023.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

_________________________________
Clerk of Council

_________________________________
Mayor, Town of Appomattox

9  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Exhibit A: Letter of Conditions
Exhibit B: RUS Bulletin 1780-27, Loan Resolution
Exhibit C: Form of Bond

10  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

CERTIFICATE OF VOTES

The  undersigned  hereby  certifies  that  the  foregoing  constitutes  a  true  and  correct  copy  of  the
foregoing Bond Resolution, duly adopted by the members of the Appomattox Town Council by a
roll call vote at a regular meeting duly held and called on the date hereof, as follows:

Name

Aye

Nay

Abstain

Absent

James J. Boyce, Sr

Jane T. Allen

Timothy W. Garrett

Claudia G. Puckette

Mary Lou Spiggle

Nathan A. Simpson

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

______________________________________
Roxanne Casto
Clerk of Council

11  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

EXHIBIT   A
LETTER OF CONDITIONS

12  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

EXHIBIT  B
LOAN RESOLUTION
RUS 1780-27

13  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

EXHIBIT C TO RESOLUTION OF
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
Dated July 10, 2023

No. R-1

$1,156,000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT GENERAL OBLIGATION BOND,
SERIES 2023B

The Town of Appomattox (the “Town”), a public body politic and corporate of the
Commonwealth of Virginia duly created under charter by Order of the Circuit Court of Appomattox
County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the United States
of America, Rural Utilities Service, (the “Government”), or registered assigns, the principal sum of

ONE MILLION ONE HUNDRED FIFTY-SIX THOUSAND DOLLARS
($1,156,000.00)

and to pay to the registered owner hereof interest on the unpaid principal from the date hereof until
payment of the entire principal sum at the rate of Two and One Quarter Percent (2.25 %) per year in
monthly payments  of  combined principal  and  interest  of  Three Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-five
($3,665.00) Dollars and No Cents beginning on the first (1st) monthly anniversary of the date hereof
and continuing monthly thereafter for Four Hundred Seventy Nine (479) consecutive months until
the principal of this bond is paid in full, each installment to be applied first to interest accrued to such
payment date and then to principal.  The final installment, if not sooner paid, of all amounts owed
hereunder shall be due and payable Four Hundred Eighty (480) months from the date hereof. Such
installments shall  be payable  in  lawful  money  of  the United States of America  by pre-authorized
electronic debit for the account of the registered owner of the bond at such address as shall be provided
from time to time by the registered owner, except that the final installment shall be payable upon
presentation and surrender hereof at the office of the Registrar.

This bond has been authorized by a resolution adopted by the Town Council on July
10,  2023  (the  “Bond  Resolution”)  and  is  issued  pursuant  to  the  Charter  and  the  Virginia  Public
Finance  Act  (Chapter  26,  Title  15.2,  Code  of  Virginia  of  1950,  as  amended)  to  provide  funds  to
finance improvements to the Town’s water utility system.  A copy of the Bond Resolution is on file
at the Town Hall, Appomattox, Virginia.  Reference is hereby made to the Bond Resolution and any
amendments thereto for the provisions, among others, describing the pledge and covenants securing
the  bond, the nature and extent of  the security,  the  terms, and conditions upon which  the bond  is
issued, the rights and obligations of the Town and the rights of the bondholder.

14  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

All taxable property in the territory of the Issuer is subject to ad valorem taxation without
limitation regarding rate or amount to pay the bond. All revenues derived by the Town from its water
utility system are hereby pledged to the payment of the principal of and interest on the bond.

Installments of principal due on this bond may be prepaid at the option of the Town
at any time as a whole or in part from time to time (but if in part, in inverse order of their maturities),
without premium.  Prepayments of installments of principal shall not affect the obligation of the Town
to pay the remaining installments payable as provided above.

This bond is fully registered as to both principal and interest.  Transfer of this bond
may be registered upon books maintained for that purpose by the Registrar.  Prior to due presentment
for  registration  of  transfer  the  Registrar  shall  treat  the  registered  owner  as  the  person  exclusively
entitled to payment of principal and interest and the exercise of all other rights and powers of the
owner.

Any amount expended or advanced by the Government for the collection hereof or to
protect any security therefor, at the option of the Government, shall become a part of and bear interest
at  the  same  rate  as  the  principal  hereof  and  be  immediately  due  and  payable  by  the  Town  to  the
Government without demand.

All  acts,  conditions  and  things  required  by  the  Constitution  and  statutes  of  the
Commonwealth of Virginia to happen, exist, or be performed precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond have happened, exist and have been performed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Town has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor,
to be countersigned by its Clerk, its seal to be affixed hereto and this bond to be dated July [      ] 2023.

(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX,
VIRGINIA

_____________________________
Clerk, Town of Appomattox

______________________________
Mayor, Town of Appomattox

15  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

TRANSFER OF BOND    Transfer of this bond may be registered by the registered owner or his duly authorized attorney upon presentation hereof to the Registrar who shall make note of such transfer in books kept by the Registrar for that purpose and in the registration blank below.   Date of    Name of   Signature  Registration   Registered Owner   of Registrar       United States of America  __________  2023  Rural Utilities Service  ____________________

16  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

EXHIBIT D TO RESOLUTION OF
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
Dated July 10, 2023

No. R-1

$500,000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT GENERAL OBLIGATION BOND,
SERIES 2023A

The Town of Appomattox (the “Town”), a public body politic and corporate of the
Commonwealth of Virginia duly created under charter by Order of the Circuit Court of Appomattox
County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the United States
of America, Rural Utilities Service, (the “Government”), or registered assigns, the principal sum of

FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS
($500,000.00)

and to pay to the registered owner hereof interest on the unpaid principal from the date hereof until
payment of the entire principal sum at the rate of One and Three Eighths Percent (1.375 %) per year
in monthly payments of combined principal and interest of One Thousand Three Hundred Fifty-five
($1,355.00) Dollars and No Cents beginning on the first (1st) monthly anniversary of the date hereof
and continuing monthly thereafter for Four Hundred Seventy Nine (479) consecutive months until
the principal of this bond is paid in full, each installment to be applied first to interest accrued to such
payment date and then to principal.  The final installment, if not sooner paid, of all amounts owed
hereunder shall be due and payable Four Hundred Eighty (480) months from the date hereof. Such
installments shall  be payable  in  lawful  money  of  the United States of America  by pre-authorized
electronic debit for the account of the registered owner of the bond at such address as shall be provided
from time to time by the registered owner, except that the final installment shall be payable upon
presentation and surrender hereof at the office of the Registrar.

This  bond  has  been  authorized  by  a  resolution  adopted  by  the  Town  Council  on
October 26, 2021  (the  “Bond Resolution”) and  is  issued  pursuant  to  the Charter  and  the Virginia
Public Finance Act (Chapter 26, Title 15.2, Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended) to provide funds
to finance improvements to the Town’s water utility system.  A copy of the Bond Resolution is on
file at the Town Hall, Appomattox, Virginia.  Reference is hereby made to the Bond Resolution and
any  amendments  thereto  for  the  provisions,  among  others,  describing  the  pledge  and  covenants
securing the bond, the nature and extent of the security, the terms, and conditions upon which the
bond is issued, the rights and obligations of the Town and the rights of the bondholder.

All taxable property in the territory of the Issuer is subject to ad valorem taxation without
limitation regarding rate or amount to pay the bond. All revenues derived by the Town from its water
utility system are hereby pledged to the payment of the principal of and interest on the bond.

17  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Installments of principal due on this bond may be prepaid at the option of the Town
at any time as a whole or in part from time to time (but if in part, in inverse order of their maturities),
without premium.  Prepayments of installments of principal shall not affect the obligation of the Town
to pay the remaining installments payable as provided above.

This bond is fully registered as to both principal and interest.  Transfer of this bond
may be registered upon books maintained for that purpose by the Registrar.  Prior to due presentment
for  registration  of  transfer  the  Registrar  shall  treat  the  registered  owner  as  the  person  exclusively
entitled to payment of principal and interest and the exercise of all other rights and powers of the
owner.

Any amount expended or advanced by the Government for the collection hereof or to
protect any security therefor, at the option of the Government, shall become a part of and bear interest
at  the  same  rate  as  the  principal  hereof  and  be  immediately  due  and  payable  by  the  Town  to  the
Government without demand.

All  acts,  conditions  and  things  required  by  the  Constitution  and  statutes  of  the
Commonwealth of Virginia to happen, exist, or be performed precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond have happened, exist and have been performed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Town has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor,
to  be  countersigned  by  its  Clerk,  its  seal  to  be  affixed  hereto  and  this  bond  to  be  dated
_______________ 2023.

(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX,
VIRGINIA

_____________________________
Clerk, Town of Appomattox

______________________________
Mayor, Town of Appomattox

18  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

TRANSFER OF BOND

Transfer of this bond may be registered by the registered owner or his duly authorized
attorney upon presentation hereof to the Registrar who shall make note of such transfer in books kept
by the Registrar for that purpose and in the registration blank below.

Date of
Registration

Name of
Registered Owner

Signature
of Registrar

__________  2023

United States of America
Rural Utilities Service

____________________

19  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Roll call vote: Allen-yes, Boyce-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette-yes, Simpson-yes, Spiggle-yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt an
AMENDMENT to the Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the
Fiscal Year 2023-2024 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
TOWN COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2023-2024 BUDGET FOR THE
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle situses
within the Town commencing January 1, 2023, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 47.3% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 47.3% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

Attest:

_______________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, MMC, Town Clerk

_______________
Date

Roll call vote: Allen-yes, Boyce-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette-yes, Simpson-yes, Spiggle-yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

20  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to authorize purchase of a
Backhoe Cat Model 416-07 AC Loader for $121,044.00 as identified in the FY2024 Capital
Improvement Plan. Roll call vote: Allen-yes, Boyce-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette-yes, Simpson-yes,
Spiggle-yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to authorize purchase of a
Bomag BW-900-50 Double Drum Vibrating Roller for $23,550.00 as identified in the FY2024
Capital Improvement Plan. Roll call vote: Allen-yes, Boyce-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette-yes,
Simpson-yes, Spiggle-yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt amendments to
the Town of Appomattox Water and Sewer Policy to include User Charges, Connection &
Availability Fee Administrative Policy.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to authorize advertising a
public hearing to amend Ch 185-19 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Va. All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

Finance and Planning Committee: none

Physical Development Committee: none

ARPA:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to purchase a bullet proof
vest for $3300.00 for the new drug dog. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Citizen Comment: none

21  Appomattox Town Council

Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2023

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee highlighted his emailed Manager’s Report from August 11, 2023:

  The trash service has experienced a few missed streets and cans in the last several weeks.
Staff is addressing this issue with County Waste (GFL). Mr. Simpson requested an “in-
house” look into trash services by the Town of Appomattox instead of a contractor.
  The new Town website should be available for staff to review the week of August 21.
  The Train Depot project is expected to be complete by September 29.
  The Appomattox National Park superintendent James Bailey met with Town staff and is

looking forward to working with the Town.

  There are two (2) new businesses opening soon. OIP (Original Italian Pizza) is hoping to
open late August or September and Papa John’s is planning to open in September or
October.

Council Comment:

Ms. Allen: commented on the two (2) projects receiving positive publicity for the Town,1. K-9
Conor for the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office and 2. The Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department received the air compressor. Both of these items were purchased through the Town’s
American Rescue Plan Act funding.

Mr. Simpson: advised the other council members he emailed the Clerk to determine the
possibility of the Town writing their own “NO Parking” tickets.

Mr. Boyce: reminded others that the Town provides two (2) deputies and requested the Sheriff
appear before Council to explain (update) to Council what the deputies are doing at least
quarterly.

Mr. Garrett: none

Ms. Spiggle: nothing other than she agrees to asking the sheriff for an update.

Ms. Puckette: none

Mr. Elder thanked Town Council for their positive actions for the Appomattox Community and
Town Staff.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 7:40 pm.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

