ref: reel_02_0316
date: 1956-08-20
content: AUGUST 1956
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 20, 1956, at 7:30 P.M., with the President, Mrs. C. H. Robinson presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Irby, T. Hunter Dickerson, G. E. Smith, J. C. Caldwell, and W. S. Gillis.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.
Mr. Murphy met with the Council in behalf of the County and Town Community dump. He requested that the Council appoint a committee to make investigations as to the location and cost. The Property Committee will make the investigations with G. E. Smith serving on the committee in place of J. C. Caldwell.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson that the Town purchase for Mr. E. T. Mitchell 1 Jacket, 2 pair pants and 3 shirts. Motion carried.

A motion was made by J. T. Irby, seconded by G. E. Smith, that the Town fire truck is not to go out of the Town more than one mile and the Town is to be paid $35.00 for each trip made by the fire truck to be effective as of September 1, 1956. (A copy to the County Board of Supervisors.) Motion carried.

The following building permits were asked for and approved by the Council: Dr. C. E. Orjen to build an addition to Mrs. Ingram's house at approximate cost of $1,000.00. Mr. P. L. Murphy to build a shop on corner of #710 and Isbell Street at approximate cost $500.00. J. E. Cawthorne to build a home on Lucy Street at approximate cost of $13,500.00. Cornelius C. Lewis to build a home on Isbell Street at approximate cost of $8,000.00.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of September 17, 1956.

Signed Richard D. Robinson, Mayor
Signed C. J. Hunter, Clerk
chunk_id: 19800
record_id: 820
page_number: 1

