1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, August 23, 2016
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Ashlie Walter, News and Advance; Daniel Puckette,
Times Virginian; Chad Millner, Bonnie Cunningham, George Aznavorian, Philipp Gabathuler,
Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Council Workshop meeting to order.

Appearance –
Mr. Brett Arbogast, Appomattox County Public Schools appeared before Council to provide an
update on the Fiber project.  VDOT will be issuing the permit.  There will not be a relapse of the
last project.  Mr. Gabathuler has agreed to write something for any areas that cross private
property.  59% of homes do not have internet access.  With Jeff Elder’s help they have been able
to reroute the path the 128 strands of fiber line will cross.  The school will be responsible for
obtaining the Land Use Permit and will distribute copies to everyone.  JWS Communications
was the only bid received for $186,000.

Unfinished Business:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council recommended Mr. Jonathan
Garrett to serve the unexpired term ending July 31, 2019 on the Board of Zoning Appeals.  Vote:
McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye, Garrett – abstained, Finch –
absent.  Motion carried 4-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to issue a Conditional Use
Permit for Latitude 37 Appomattox LLC to add storage units.  Vote:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle
– aye, Conner – abstained, Puckette – aye, Garrett – aye, Finch – absent.  Motion carried 4-0.

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to recommend no
further action regarding the drainage complaint at 203 Sunrise Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Vote:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye, Garrett – aye, Finch –
absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to declare the following
items as surplus property:  One (1) – Yogi Bear spring seat see saw; One (1) Four way see saw;
One (1) sandbox; One (1) Dome shaped monkey bars; One (1) Merry go round; Two (2) Slides;
One (1) Set of child swings; One (1) Yellow tubing for crawling thru; One (1) Flag pole. Vote:
McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye, Garrett – aye, Finch – absent.
Motion carried 5-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2016

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to deny the request for
financial assistance to the Town of Pamplin for its annual “Celebrate Pamplin” event on
Saturday, September 17, 2016.  Vote:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette
– aye, Garrett – aye, Finch – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to support a resolution
assisting the Appomattox County Public School in applying for the $1500.00 grant for a Virginia
Tourism Corporation LOVE sign.  Vote:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye,
Puckette – aye, Garrett – aye, Finch – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Standing Committee Updates:
None

Council Concerns:
Mr. Garrett reported that there were 120 First Responders who attended the dinner.

Staff Member Updates:
Mr. Gabathuler reported that smoke testing will begin September 12, 2016 and conclude at the
end of the month.  A detailed map of the smoke testing area will be posted on the Town’s
website, an article placed in the Times Virginian and door hangers will be distributed.
Emergency responders will be notified so they do not get overwhelmed by the number of calls.

Mr. Gabathuler reported that a Town Treasurer has been hired and she started yesterday.  She is
Sharon Layne.  She comes from the Town of Keysville with over 20 years of experience as their
Clerk/Treasurer.

Progress continues at the Children’s Park.  The pavilion, equipment and mulch have been
installed.  The park will be reseeded.  The cost of 6 cameras for surveillance is $5,275.00.  There
was much discussion regarding cameras.  However, the consensus was they are needed along
with more police coverage of the park.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to convene in closed
session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion of the performance of a specific public appointee of the Town, specifically
being Appointee A.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Conner made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2016

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Garrett Council by the following recorded vote
adopted the motion:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye, Garrett –
aye, Finch – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:30 p.m. with
no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

