1  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
August 23, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox Town Planning Commission held a joint public
hearing on Tuesday, August 23, 2016 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Town Council Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle and Claudia Puckette.
Abstaining:  Steven T. Conner
Absent: M. Erin Finch

Planning Commission members present:  Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, and Roger Carson.

Others present:  Ashlie Walter, News & Advance; Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; George
Aznavorian, Steven Conner (Agent), Brad Bays, Basil Bays, Don & Nancy Wilks, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director;  Philipp Gabathuler, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the Town Council public hearing to order.

Marvin Mitchell, Chairman called the Planning Commission public hearing to order.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the public hearing:

Latitude 37 Appomattox, LLC for Bays Trash Removal, Inc. does hereby request a
Conditional Use Permit in order to store portable toilets and service trucks as shown on the
Conditional Use Permit Plan as identified as Tax Map Identification Number 64A1 (A) 3.  Two
to three employees will be on site at various times throughout the day.  Trucks are filled with
water each morning and waste is emptied each evening.  This parcel is approximately 85.5 acres
in size and is located on 310 Furniture Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.  The property is zoned M-1,
Industrial, however any structure to be erected or land to be used shall require a conditional use
permit.  Town Code Section 195-14, Uses Not Specifically permitted; special exception allows
for any use not specifically listed in the use chart to make a request to Town Council for
approval by special exception.

The Town of Appomattox Planning Commission recommended approval of this permit based
on the following conditions at their August 4, 2016 meeting:

A.  No septic waste should be dumped on the site.
B.  A maximum of 8,000 gallons of water should be used on this site per month.
C.  A  maximum  of  8,000  gallons  of  sewer  capacity  should  be  used  on  this  site  per

month.

D.  Bays  Trash  Removal,  Inc.  installs  a  sewer  meter  which  can  be  read  by  Town

Staff.

E.  Bays Trash Removal, Inc. is responsible for having the sewer meter calibrated on
an  annual  basis—starting  the  first  month  of  operation.  The  annual  calibration
report should be sent to the Town Office (PO Box 705, Appomattox, VA 24522).

2  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
August 23, 2016

F.  A monthly report detailing sewer usage shall be sent to the Town Office (PO Box

705, Appomattox, VA 24522) by the fifth of every month.

Basil Bays and Brad Bays made a presentation for the CIP application.  The specified amount of
area is 40 yards by 120 yards.  They propose dumping into the pump station holding tank, units
will be cleaned when returned and sanitized, units will be confined to a small area and there will
be some traffic in and out.

Questions for Council and the Planning Commission:
Ms. Spiggle asked how the Planning Commission can procedurally make recommendations
before the public hearing.  Council has ultimate approval.  The Planning Commission should
make recommendations.  The official approval barring a public hearing comes from Council.

Ms. Spiggle asked if notices of the public hearing were sent to adjacent property owners.  She
said she also believed that some of the items (recommendation) were added after the Planning
Commission meeting.  She said she has issues with the procedure.

She asked why make conditions prior to the public hearing.  That’s the proper procedure why not
follow them?

She didn’t know anything about the public hearing until reading it in the Times Virginian.

What about the letters to the adjacent property owners?  Including the Primary School – sending
letter out is due process.  This is a use not provided for.  In our current zoning ordinance – this
use is not allowed.

If the Town approves the request any M-1 property can be used for the same purpose.

Will the trucks be squeaky clean?
Bays – yes

How can the Planning commission approve?

Mr. Gabathuler said Mr. Bays’ application outlined very clearly their plans.  The Planning
Commission only makes recommendations, it does not approve.

Spiggle – Hearing from Mr. Carter and others – anything that has to be hidden out of sight, most
people do not want toilets on the side of 460.  You cannot hide trucks coming in and out.

In other areas, the Town sewer rates are lower Farmville and Bedford – Will you bring sewer to
Appomattox?

Mr. Gabathuler said any uses in M-1 would need a Conditional Use Permit.  There are no by
right uses.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
August 23, 2016

Mr. Bays explained that Bays Trash Removal bought out Taylor Portable Toilets two (2) years
ago.  They are currently operating out of the current Taylor site.  They have also purchased a six
(6) acre site but it is not operational at this time.  It has been approved by the Board of
Supervisors but there is still some engineering, road work, well drilling, telephone lines, etc. to
the done.

Mr. Bays assured Council of their willingness to contain the flies, odor, rodents and varmints.

Mr. Samuel E. Carter – 307 Morton Lane, Appomattox
Mr. Mayor, Town Council members, Town Manager and Madam Clerk – I am here to address
the Conditional Use Permit.  I’ve had a lot of conversations with different people regarding this
but today seems to be the day that something changes every hour.  This comes up and that goes
away, etc, etc.   However, the things I have written down, Mrs. Spiggle, I must say I agree with
you wholeheartedly on a lot of your points.  This right here – I’ve been serving the public for 36
years.  This right here has caught my attention more so than even the Courthouse episode
because it is in the Town Limits, out in the County, that’s fine but within the Town Limits it is
not the place for it in my opinion.  The questions I have to ask, and I know you are not obligated
to answer but at least take them into consideration:
1 – Why is it that they are not using the site the County approved in February?  Well, I just heard
from the gentleman but I don’t understand it because the County put in the stipulation of the 6.5
acres down there that there would be 30 units.  Now, I don’t know how many units you can put
on 6.5 acres but it is written in case and concrete that is your maximum amount you are going to
have.

Steve Conner interjected – it was 30 dumpsters.

Mr. Carter – It is 30 units – I have it right here and it talks about the egress of the property.
I still don’t know why they want to go from the County back into the Town.

2 – Are they moving their entire operation here?  No, I understand that now.

3 – How are they attaching to the sewer system?  That pump up there has not been used in 5 ½
years – have we tested it?  I don’t know.  It may be cracked or it may be in perfect running
condition but we don’t know that unless it has been tested.

4 – Who was notified about this and how?  When zoning property or property to be rezoned
notice has to go out to adjacent property owners just like down at the Vera site.  He met with
those people down there – told them the situation.  Everything went fine for both parties.  That
didn’t happen here.  No adjacent property owners – the school, the Railroad even, the ones
across the street or down Morton Lane.

Now on this 85.5 acres – now you say 45 yards by 40 yards – why should a person or persons go
by something that isn’t in writing.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
August 23, 2016

For example, our dear friends at Walmart, we had that gentleman’s agreement that we are going
to have painted red brick – now guess what it is not.  The point I am trying to make is that all of
this needs to be documented.

5 – What road are they going to use?  Dairy Queen or the Primary School?  We already know
that the Primary School is probably the worst possible road for any additional volume of traffic.

If you go by Dairy Queen, any amount of traffic you’re by an eating establishment and that
doesn’t look very good.

Mayor Harvey reminded Mr. Carter he had 2 minutes.

Who is going to regulate all of this?  The conditions put forth by the Planning Commission?
Who’s going to enforce?  Is it going to be state regulators or someone from the Town?  As long
as someone checks the checker.

Again, the water rates?  Are they going to be charged residential or commercial?  Nothing within
the Conditional Use Permit addresses this.  I think that is what has everyone bogged down.

Unless it is written down – it will be hard to hold their feet to the fire.  How many trucks daily
will be going to coming in and out?

It says here – no septic waste.  What’s the definition of septic waste?  I know it’s got to be a
period of time but there is no time element.

All of these questions need to be asked and from the bottom of my heart I think this – I would
like for the Town Council to table it until you find out and then put it in writing or don’t allow it.

Mr. Carter thanked everyone.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to table the public hearing
for Bays Trash Removal to give time to review the procedural issues.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to table the public hearing
for Church & Main LLC to give time to review the procedural issues.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mayor Harvey and Chairman Mitchell closed the public hearing at 7:15 p.m.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

