1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 8, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, August 8, 2016 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Steven T. Conner, and
Claudia G. Puckette

Members absent:  Mary Lou Spiggle and M. Erin Finch

Others present:  Carlton Duck & Brian Moore, Alive Media TV; Daniel Puckette, Times
Virginian Newspaper; Ashlie Walter, News & Advance; Barry Letterman, Sheriff, Gary & Fran
Christie, Linda Lipscomb, Philipp Gabathuler, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council

Mayor Harvey called the Regular Council meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Barry Letterman, Sheriff, Appomattox County gave a quarterly update to Council.  Mrs. Puckette
thanked Sheriff Letterman for the Sheriff’s Night Out event.

Glenda Venable – 853 Lee Grant Avenue
Ms. Venable appeared before Council to request an extension on her water bill until Friday,
August 12, 2016.  She experienced an unexpected water pipe expense.  She said she was
agreeable to paying the $50.00 reconnection fee but did not want to have her water cut off.

Linda Lipscomb - Director, Museum of the Confederacy, Appomattox
Mrs. Lipscomb appeared before Council to provide an update on activities at the Museum of the
Confederacy.  In October 2015, they opened the cabin and in the spring 2016 they added a
vegetable and herb garden.  There are plans to expand but right now they are watching the
revenues and expenditures.  She stated she is now working part time instead of full time.  Mayor
Harvey thanked Mrs. Lipscomb and her staff.

Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council.
Mr. Christie appeared before Council to provide an update of ongoing projects.  Staff has been
writing and managing the Meadowlark grant, the Downtown Revitalization Planning Grant and
have had good fortune with the trail project for Appomattox County.

On October 20, 2016, they will roll out the Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy.
Work has begun on the Region 2000 All Hazard Mitigation Plan.  Progress continues on the ride
share program, Regional Service Authority for trash and 3 jurisdictional regional radio system.

The Workforce Center moved into the VEC facility.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 8, 2016

They are working with the Town of Pamplin – Water Tank Maintenance and Restoration and
West side wastewater planning.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey thanked Sheriff Letterman for the Sheriff’s Night out event.

The Town received a letter for the Tree City USA program from Senator Mark Warner.  Mayor
Harvey requested sending a copy to Rick Butler, State Forester.

Consent Agenda -
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda with the addition of NB #7 – Consideration of a payment arrangement for a utility bill.
Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Old Business – none

New Business –
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to table the
recommendation of a Board of Zoning Appeals member to the August 23, 2016 Council
Workshop meeting.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to table the request for a
Conditional Use Permit for Latitude 37 Appomattox LLC to the August 23, 2016 Workshop
meeting.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to participate in the
revision of the Region 2000 All Hazard Mitigation Plan Update by signing the letter of intent and
authorizing Philipp Gabathuler, Acting Agent.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner
– aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to proceed with the seven
(7) gardens of the Gateway Improvement after the bids/proposals have been received.  Vote:
Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to accept the bid
proposal of the 1 Ton truck with Utility Body for $42,417.21, identified in the FY CIP.  Vote:
Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to accept the bid proposal
from Woodall & Lang, Inc. for replacement of the roof at the existing maintenance shop (320
Linden Street) for $16,355.00, identified in the FY CIP.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye,
Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 8, 2016

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to allow the extension
of a water bill payment to August 12, 2016 for Ms. Venable.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon –
aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Treasurer’s Report – There was none available for June 2016.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Gabathuler reported that four (4) applicants were interviewed for the position of Town
Treasurer.  One applicant has been selected for a background check.

Mr. Gabathuler provided an update on the Children’s Park.  Heavy construction is underway and
will continue for at least the next 3 weeks.  He also reported that staff is working to prepare for
the annual Community Picnic on Thursday, September 8, 2016 in Abbitt Park from 6:00 p.m. –
8:00 p.m.

The Council Workshop meeting on August 23, 2016 will contain a joint public hearing with the
Planning Commission for an application submitted by Church & Main, LLC and Bays Trash
Removal.

Mr. Gabathuler will also be resubmitting the Smart Scale application.

Citizen Comment Period – None

Council Concerns:
Ms. Susan Adams, Appomattox County Administrator has proposed three (3) dates for a joint
meeting – August 24, 30 or 31st.  The consensus was August 30, 2016.

Mr. Conner raised concerns about an article in the Times Virginian regarding the ROSE garden
project.  Mayor Harvey has already spoken with Chamber President, John Redding.  Mr.
Redding will be sending a letter to the newspaper explaining the ROSE project and the ACT
beautification project.

Mr. Conner also asked about signage and security cameras for the Children’s Park.  Mr.
Gabathuler advised it will be part of the project once construction is complete.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:35
p.m.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

