1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
September 28, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, September 28, 2021, at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, James J. Boyce,
Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney; Jonathan Garrett, Appomattox Volunteer
Fire Department; Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Christy
Torrence, Office Manager; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Kim Ray, Treasurer.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting.

Discussion Items:
Mr. Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney appeared before Council to discuss Town Council
election options.  Mr. Wright suggested even years.  Council provided consensus for Mr. Wright
to move forward with charter and ordinance language to support even year elections.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update of the vacancies on the Board of Zoning Appeals and the
Appomattox Town Planning Commission.  Mr. Shanaberger requested help finding a
replacement for each of these vacancies.  If Council members have recommendations or
suggestions, Mr. Shanaberger will reach out to them.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve an updated
quote of $41,550.00 for the Air Packs for the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department from the
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) funding.
Roll Call vote:  Tilton – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – abstain, Simpson – aye,
Puckette – aye.  Motion carried 5-0-1.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve the Public
Works request of $1,381.70 from the ARPA funding.
Roll Call vote:  Tilton – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Comments:
None

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:
Mr. Elder, Facilities Director - None

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
September 28, 2021

Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for revenues and expenditures though
August 31, 2021.  Mr. Boyce requested the monthly report to include the exact expenses for
ARPA funding.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:

➢  Church Street Waterline Replacement Project – Staff continues to work towards the

closings with USDA and DHCD.

➢  The Request for Proposals (RFP) for Engineering and Project Services for the Train

Depot have been received.  Requests the Physical Development Committee review the
proposals and hold a meeting.

➢  Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. continues working on the Church Street sidewalk evaluation.
➢  The Town EDA has begun review its own façade program to be used throughout the

Town.

➢  Mrs. Casto is working to reschedule the retreat – possibly either October 29th or

November 5th.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to convene in a Closed
Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711(A)5 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion concerning a prospective business or industry where no previous announcement
has been made of the business’ or industry’s interest in locating or expanding its facilities in the
community.
Vote:  Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Puckette made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certification resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified
in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
September 28, 2021

Vote:  Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to adjourn.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Christy Torrence
Office Manager

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

