# REGULAR MEETING – June 10, 2002

Page 1 of 2

“5b

-—= Regular Meeting “June 10;20022-== %-2-s-s eae es sss sessseee

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 10,
2002, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell, Steve Lawson,
Norman Mayberry, W. H. Carson, and Joyce Bennett. a

Others present were: Lisa Knott, Times- Virginian, Evans Thomas, William M. Phillips,
Town Attorney, Tina LeValley, Executive Director of the Chamber of Commerce,
Wayne Phelps, John L. Wilson, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette,
Deputy Clerk, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve
the Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Evans Thomas, Vice-President, Chamber of Commerce, introduced Tina LeValley,
Executive Director Chamber of Commerce to the Town Council. She looks forward to
working with everyone.

Mr. John L. Wilson, appeared before Council to discuss the two letters he received from
David Garrett, Town Manager, denying his two requests on the Downtown. (see copy
attached).

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr, Lawson, Council voted to refer the
request for Administrative Fees for Zoning to the Appomattox Planning Commission for

azecommendation and have them hold a Public Hearing, and all those present voting aye.

Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table the
Items, Unfinished Business 2 and 3, until further information can be obtained from Don
Austin, with VDOT, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried,

It was the general consensus that the Town Council wants the staff to move ahead with
the plan to withdraw from the Health Care Plan with the School Board, to on our own,
and be ready to take official action at the June 25, 2002 workshop.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to proceed with a
one year contractural Police Agreement with Appomattox with concurrence of Sheriff
Staples, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried. (see attached copy).