# WORKSHOP MEETING – June 25, 2002

Page 3 of 3

(adil an CLERK __ _ a

~ 7 ===pape 3S 0f3> as ede ERENT Tie LES woh Tees REE ot RE EE I, RT

Council Workshop — June 25; 2002

On amotion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve the
use of the Abbitt Memorial Park by Liberty Baptist Church on July 4", waive the fees,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, the Town Council voted to join
with the County of Appomattox in seeking RFP’s for a Water Study and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to amend the
previous motion to have Mr, McDearmon serve on the Joint Committee seeking RFP’s
for the Water Study and all those present voting aye. Amended Motion carried.

Council discussed considering the prevention of Town Citizens from drilling a private
well within the Town. The information will be brought to the July 8° meeting.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to convene in
Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711, Subsection A, Item 3. Acquisition
of real property for a public purpose and Item 7. Consultation with legal counsel —
probable litigation.

Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that

to the best of each members knowledge: 1. Only public business matters lawfully
exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the Closed
Meeting to which this certificate resolution applies and 2. Only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard,
discussed, or considered by this Council. .

Vote:

Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
McDearmon-aye Bennett-aye Carson-aye

Nays 0
Absent 0
Motion carried,

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adj ourned.

Fanadal Cigale MAYOR