1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, July 23, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, July 23, 2013 at 7:00 p.m.
at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor
Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Marvin Mitchell, Roger Carson, Chad Millner, Erin Finch, Stephanie James, Times
Virginian; Katrina Koetring, News & Advance; Carlton & Brian, Alive Media TV; Bill
Gillespie, Town Manager; and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

There was a discussion of the comprehensive rezoning public hearing held on July 11, 2013.
The Planning Commission will meet on Monday, August 5, 2013 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox
Public Works Complex, 1799 Church Street, Appomattox, Virginia and form a recommendation
to present to the Appomattox Town Council at its August 12, 2013 Regular Council Meeting.

Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Gillespie, staff and the Planning Commission for all their hard work.

Committee Reports –
Finance & Planning Committee met on July 8, 2013 and discussed the Sheriff’s request, financial
options for the Trickling Filter Plant, SBR and Pump Station, the proposed zoning ordinance,
and the Murphy Oil Development.

Physical Development Committee did not meet today.

Staff Reports
Town Manager - no report.

Town Treasurer – no report.

Town Clerk – no report.

Council Concerns
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

