1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, July 8, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, July 8, 2013 at 7:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Steven T. “Steve” Conner.

Absent:  N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry and Claudia Puckette.

Others:  Katrina Koetring, Carlton Duck, Stephanie James, Bryan David, Gary Christie, Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk
of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Partnership appeared
before Council to discuss the Retail Marketing Site Assessment Study.  It is currently in “desktop
collection” right now.  He is working with Mark Courtney, Lynchburg Airport; Bob White,
Region 2000 is gathering VDOT information and traffic count and Beckie Nix, Lynchburg
Regional Convention and Visitors Bureau.  Mr. David also reported the consulting firm Peckham
Guyton Alberts & Viets, Inc. will be coming in August 2013 to tour Appomattox, collect
additional material and visit with local officials.

Mr. David also discussed the proposed Lynchburg Civic Center Complex.  Liberty University
would be a tenant not an owner of the property.  LU is underwriting 100% of the consulting
costs, CBL is the owner of the mall and EPR, Inc. and Walker Parking Consultants have been
retained to conduct traffic and parking analysis.

Mr. Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council presented the
Town Council with the Local Government Council Annual Report – FY 2013, particularly the
services to Appomattox County and Town.

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey thanked staff and all employees for the accomplished during FY 2013.

Consent Agenda
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda of July 8, 2013 as presented with the addition of NB #3 – Committee recommendation to
provide the $6,000 stipend to the Sheriff through an updated agreement.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, July 8, 2013

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the 2013
Slate of Officers for the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival.
Charles & Debbie Garrett – Co-Chairmen
Paul Harvey – Vice-Chairman
Stacey Wilkes – Secretary/Treasurer
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to write off
uncollected debts that have exceeded the statue of limitations. (Copy attached)  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation by the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to include a
$6000.00 stipend into the Police Agreement for FY 2014.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Staff Reports –
Town Manager – none

Town Treasurer – none

Town Clerk – none

Citizen Comments:
None

Council Concerns:
Reminders:
Public Hearing Zoning – July 11, 2013 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors meeting room, Price Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10
p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

