Joint Public Hearing
Appomattox Town Council & Planning Commission
July 11, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox Town Planning Commission held a Joint Public Hearing
on Thursday, July 11, 2013 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County Board of Supervisor’s Meeting Room,
171 Price Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.  The public hearing was followed by a question and answer
session at 5:00 p.m. and then a presentation of the proposed Zoning Ordinance and Zoning Map at 6:00
p.m.  Mr. C. William Gillespie, Jr., Interim Town Manager/Zoning Administrator provided the
presentation.

Town Council Members present:  C. L. McDearmon, Jr., Steven T. Conner, Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou
Spiggle, Claudia Puckette, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry.  Absent – Mayor Paul D. Harvey

Planning Commission Members present:  Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, Roger Carson.  Absent – Erin
Finch.

Others present:  C. William Gillespie, Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council, Marsha Ryan,
Brod Pack, Sylvia Pack, Fred Kruschwitz, Gary Gilliam, Phillip Jamerson, Steve Lawson, K. Horn, Debbie
Baine, Bryan Baine, Jack Caldwell, John Canada, Tim Sturgeon, Barry & Diane Morris, Wayne & Peggy
Simpson, Carolyn Dolan, Brian Robertson.

N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Vice-Mayor called the Town Council to order.

Marvin Mitchell, Chairman called the Planning Commission to order.

Mr. Gillespie previously (during the 6:00 p.m. presentation) provided the following purpose for the
public hearing:

This has been the most comprehensive review of the Zoning Ordinance since 1969 when the

ordinance was first enacted.  The Appomattox Town Council has been redrafting the ordinance for well
over 18 months.

There are a number of reasons why the council decided to view the map and ordinance and they

include several areas of the town that are “spot” zoned, public property was not identified, there was
interest in creating a single family/village home residential areas and taking a closer look at business
districts by creating  B-2 more intensive use.

The Special Use Process was reviewed by the Town Attorney and changes to the language were

suggested so that it flows better.

There are a number of things that did not change – such as R-1 and R-3 have the same square

footage as before, Court Street is less business intense to flow closer to the Main Street area,
Confederate Blvd (B-2) is more intense business, MHP-1 is the same.

The floor was opened for comments:

Gary Gilliam – 291 Turkey Road
My name is Gary Gilliam; I reside at 291 Turkey Road, which is just outside the town limits.  I do
appreciate the opportunity to share some thoughts with you this evening.  For all of us, in Appomattox

1

Joint Public Hearing
Appomattox Town Council & Planning Commission
July 11, 2013

County, the Town of Appomattox itself is a central hub, and our hometown.  It is where we grocery shop,
send our kids to school, go to the doctor, and engage in every other form of life to conduct our personal
business, socialize, and go to church in so many cases.

A lot of good can come out of a review of the zoning ordinance and improving the town’s land use policy
and I commend you for your effort.  My purpose for being here is to address apparent conflicts with the
current town code and one specified zoning change presented.  The current code states one directed
purpose of the existing code is to protect historic areas.  One property owner has requested a change of
zoning designation that is counterintuitive to the code.  Further, it is the altered state of access to submit
a zoning change request, and altered process of review for the zoning change to occur, that I would like
to express concern about.  For example, the current process for a zoning change request requires
notification to each adjoining landowner that a change of zoning request has been submitted.  The
current proposal as presented does not do that and requires the existing land owner to dig deeper to
understand what may or may not be changing around them.

To quote this week’s Times-Virginian article, “in an effort to attract future growth, Town of Appomattox
officials have proposed changes to the town’s zoning ordinance and map.”  I believe you will get two
thumbs up from 99% of the community with such a mission statement.

I would like to make a recommendation on the process and share an observation that I believe would
help citizens engage and participate in a manner that may be more effective for them, and provide
opportunity for the town to garnish a more satisfactory result in terms of customer service, which would
help minimize complaints and potential legal issues regarding notification.

First, it would be helpful if on the map of proposed changes, an identifier was placed on those parcels
actually being changed.  This would be most helpful in terms of review and comprehension of what is
occurring.

Secondly, and the reason I am attending tonight, not all of the changes being proposed are directly
related to the noted purpose of the zoning change, to attract future growth.

I am aware of one zoning change request incorporated into this proposal that comes at the request of
the property owner.  I would recommend any such requested change, that is not, directly related to the
mission of the Town’s efforts and intentions, be separated out and handled in a manner where citizens of
the community may be properly advised and given the opportunity to participate.

To be clearer, it appears the current process does not afford one neighbor the clear opportunity to be
aware of another neighbor’s intent.  An individual could have an intention to change the use of their
property, that would be benefited or solely enabled by a zoning change, and that property owner would
not be directly open to the scrutiny of the adjoining landowners.  That property owner who is seeking the
zoning change can remain silent as this process moves along, or even could project “they” changed it,
there will be no record.  Again, I am only aware of one such request, through a conversation with Mr.
Gillespie, if they’re others that would be important as well.

The Times-Virginian article also noted Mr. Gillespie stating “that the changes are to get areas in the
proper zoning.”  I believe this is contrary to the request of change for Tax Map # 64A5(A)66, 658 Lee

2

Joint Public Hearing
Appomattox Town Council & Planning Commission
July 11, 2013

Grant Avenue.  The property is currently zoned R-1 and the plans show the current owner’s request of a
lessening to that designation.

I wish to reiterate the expression currently stated in the Town Code –Section 195.2 Purpose of Chapter.
Part E. – Protect against destruction of or encroachment upon historic areas.  The current owner was
certainly aware of this status as the purchaser and current neighboring landowner.

The current land owner is forwarding a business plan.  You in your role have a business decision to make.
I would strongly encourage you to not support the zoning change request for this parcel of land.  And,
would not for reasons already expressed and shared in the current ordinance, the current landowner will
respect your decision.

It is in my opinion as the details of their plan come forth to you, you will recognize a cost and impediment
to other stakeholders.  So I again would ask you see the advantage in parsing out those request which
are separate from your stated reasons for updating the zoning code, and allow a more focused
consideration and improved discussion to develop for those properties being requested a change by
current landowner.  This is not a foot race and I would strongly encourage you to consider these
observations.

Respectfully yours,
Gary Gilliam

Bryan Baine – 646 Lee Grant Avenue
He appreciates the work involved on the map and ordinance.  It is much needed.  Appreciates the idea
of more categories and it is very helpful for municipal zoning.

Stated he had spoken with Mr. Gillespie earlier in the day encouraging the addition of deli’s, coffee
shops and sandwich shops in the B-1 list of Permitted Uses.

His main concern however, is the property near 646 Lee Grant Avenue, property being rezoned from R-1
to R-3.  The property is owned by Liberty Baptist Church.  Zoning as he understands it – protects land
owners.  The property he purchased was in the middle of an R-1 district.  The normal process for Liberty
Baptist Church to rezone its property should include a petition to the Planning Commission.  The
adjacent property owners would be notified of a public hearing for the request and then the adjacent
owners would be able to voice their concerns, if any.  This process has abbreviated his rights.  He urged
Town Council not to rezone without the proper process.

Fred Kruchwitz – 3164 Wildway Road, Appomattox
He appreciates the concerns that Bryan Baine and Gary Gilliam have shared.  Liberty Baptist Church
requested the change of the property from R-1 to R-3.  The church has a problem with overcrowding in
the classrooms and is in need of a gym.  The gym would not fit on the Moses property without
encroachment on the Babcock property.  It is the desire of Liberty Baptist Church to consolidate all of
this property into one lot.  The zone line between the Moses and Babcock property will be lost.
Currently, the Babcock Home is being used as Sunday school classrooms.  Schools are not permitted in
R-1.  And while it might be grandfathered in it seems only right to make it all the correct zone.  It doesn’t
change a whole lot either way.

3

Joint Public Hearing
Appomattox Town Council & Planning Commission
July 11, 2013

Mr. Kruschwitz also offered the following in letter format:

Appomattox County Planning Commission
Subject:  Tax Lot 64A5(A)66 …. (Babcock Parcel)

Dear Sir:

The elders of Liberty Baptist Church request a zone change on the Babcock parcel from R-1 to R-2

for the following reasons:

•

•

Liberty also owns the adjacent two parcels referred to as the Moses property.  Both these parcels
as well as the church parcel itself are all zoned R-2.  Consolidation of all the property including
the Babcock property into one parcel is presently underway to eliminate interior property lines
and setback violation issues that will arise when we submit for a building permit in the near
future.  Our new educational building will be located on the Moses property but extend slightly
onto the rear of the Babcock parcel.  The line distinguishing R-2 from R-2 will be eliminated by
the parcel consolidation and it is just reasonable to make the zoning for the new parcel a
uniform R-2.
Liberty is presently using the Babcock home for Sunday school classes and has been doing so for
over a year.  Under present R-1 zoning this is a permitted use whereas under the new R-1 zone,
schools are not permitted.  Our desire is to continue to use the home for classrooms but without
grandfather privileges, we will be in violation.  The new R-2 zone allows for schools and again it
is appropriate to make the zoning for this parcel R-2 to eliminate the potential use violation.

Thank you for your consideration in this matter.

On behalf of the elders and congregation,
Fred Kruschwitz

Tim Sturgeon – 583 Lee Grant Avenue, Appomattox
It seems as though the neighborhood is getting blindsided.  Why take down historical homes?
Recognizes that Liberty Baptist Church is in a rock and hard place but there should be procedures to go
through.  If Liberty Baptist Church has nothing to hide then put it all out there.

J. E. Sears & Company, Inc. – Robert A. Sears, Jr. – submitted the following written request:
July 9, 2013

Mr. Gillespie,

I request that J. E. Sears & Co., Inc.’s properties tax map #’s 64A5 (A)30 remain zoned M-1
Industrial and the adjoining properties 64A5(A)27, 64A5(A)28, 64A5(A)29 and 64A5(A)29A be changed to
M-1 Industrial.

This property consists of 6.5 acres, a 17000 square foot building with an additional 6200 square
foot out building.  The property also has a railroad siding which would be beneficial to a manufacture.
The new B-1 zoning would not even allow us to reopen a building supply business which operated 85
years ago on the property.

4

Joint Public Hearing
Appomattox Town Council & Planning Commission
July 11, 2013

The building is too large for general business in a downtown location.  I would appreciate you

considering my request.

Sincerely,
Robert A. Sears, Jr.

Robert Stephens – 711 Snapps Mill Road, Spout Spring, Virginia submitted the following written request:
July 2, 2013

Mr. Gillespie,

I own the property fronting on Oakleigh Avenue and fronting on Martha Street.  The Tax Map numbers
are 64A6(1)1, 64A6(1)2, 64A6(1)3, 64A6(1)4, 64A6(1)5, 64A6(1)6.  The property is zoned R-2 Residential
at this time.  And that is why I purchased the property a few years ago because of the options this piece
of property gave me.  I have kept the property in nice condition and paid the Town Real Estate taxes.  It is
being proposed to be changed to R-2 High Density Residential.  I do not want this to happen.  Please keep
it as it is was when I purchased it which would now be R-3 General Residential, which is the way the land
is proposed to be directly across the street on Oakleigh Avenue.  That was also previously zoned just like
my property.  This gives me the same options that I previously had.  Therefore, this is what I would like to
keep and have it be.  I do not want these options to be taken away from me.  It still adjoins the same R-1
and leaves the large piece of property owned by me, for a much better purpose to benefit me, my family,
and the Town Citizens.

If you have any questions or I need to do anything else to have this property put in the new R-3 Zoning,
please call me at 434-942-9498.

Thank you very much,

Robert Stephens

With no further comments, the public hearing was declared closed by Mr. Mayberry, Vice-Mayor,
presiding.

Mr. Mitchell, Chairman, Planning Commission closed the Planning Commission’s meeting.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Vice-Mayor

5

