1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Meeting
August 20, 2013

At the Special Call Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on August 20, 2013 at 5:30
p.m.in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, with Mayor, Paul D. Harvey, presiding.

Council members present:  Steven T. Conner, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry,
Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia Puckette.   Absent:  C. Lewis Mayberry, Jr.

Also in attendance were:  John Brancaglione, Joseph Decepida, Bryan David, Katrina Koetring,
Stephanie James, Daniel Puckette, Sam Carter, Chad Millner, Stacey Wilkes, Bill Gillespie, and
Roxanne Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call Council Meeting to order.

Bryan David introduced the guests, Mr. Brancoglione and Mr. Decepida.

The Peckham, Guyton, Albers & Viets, Inc. (PGAV) firm from St. Louis, Missouri appeared
before Council looking for direction from Council as to whether we need or want a final report
for the Retail Market Site Assessment Study.  Mr. Brancoglione thanked Council for investing in
their firm.  PGAV looked at a lot of factors when compiling this report.  They looked at a couple
of potential components – Destination Retail (outlet mall) and Hospitality.

The data does not support a major player.  There are enough other numbers that something on a
smaller scale would work.  Next, PGAV would like to begin to test this notion with some of their
contacts, quietly.

Bryan David advised Council that he had a few ideas in the event that there is truly no interest
from a smaller developer but suggested Council wait and see what happens with Mr.
Brancoglione’s contacts first.

With no further business, Council adjourned at 6:30 p.m.

Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Town Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

