1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, August 27, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 27, 2013 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry, Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  Steve Conner

Others present:  Stephanie James, Katrina Koetring, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mr. Gillespie provided an update and discussion concerning a landscaping plan at the Town
Office.  Bonnie Swanson has presented him with a drawing for the Town Office to be considered
in the Spring of 2014.  The plan would also create a sign, bench, flag pole and plantings.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – Mr. McDearmon gave an update on the SBR Consent order, bids for the
North Avenue Water and Sewer Line project, cell tower agreements, project funding, request for
a water adjustment, an emergency generator and the upcoming council retreat.

Physical Development Committee – Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee had discussed the
creation of an Economic Development Authority and starting the Request for Proposal process
on the cell towers agreements.

Council gave consensus to direct staff to start the process for developing an Economic
Development Authority for the Town of Appomattox.

Council gave consensus to direct staff to begin the Request for Proposals (RFP) on the fair
market values of the 5 cell tower lease agreements with the Town of Appomattox.

Mr. Mayberry also reported on the zinc levels at the SBR plant, smoke testing is ongoing on the
North side of Appomattox, and painting of the depot.

Staff Reports –
Town Manager – Mr. Gillespie reported that the Town Treasurer and Utility Director will draft
an adjustment policy for the next Finance & Planning Committee meeting.

Treasurer – no report

Town Clerk – Reminded Council members of the Retreat scheduled for Friday, November 1,
2013.

Council Concerns – none

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, August 27, 2013

Closed Session –

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of discussion of a specific public employee of the Town,
specifically being Employee A.
Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Puckette – aye.  Conner –
absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the members of the Appomattox Town Council Appomattox
hereby certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or
considered by this council.

Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Puckette – aye.  Conner –
absent.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:25 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

