ref: reel_02_0689
date: 1973-06-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 18, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. with Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Vice-Mayor presiding.

Members present were Ivey Holland, T. E. Conner, Burke Guell, R. C. Hubbard, and Mrs. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

After a lengthy discussion, Conner made the motion "to permit no industrial waste to be discharged to the Appomattox sewer system if such industrial waste is not compatible with our biological wastewater treatment systems or if it is of a higher concentration in terms of BOD5 than raw domestic sewage unless specifically authorized by the Appomattox Town Council." Hubbard seconded the motion. Motion carried.

Guell reported a misunderstanding of the Highway Departments proposal. Instead of paying 50% of the cost of materials, we will pay 50% of the total cost of construction of the sidewalk. Council did not want to change the motion made at last month's meeting.

It was reported that the Board of Supervisors has agreed to participate in the firemen's alert system. The Council referred the matter to the Fire Committee and ask that they report to Council at the next meeting.

Mr. Slagle reported that he had contacted the Virginia Retirement program people and found that regardless of no prior service or all prior service credited the employee contribution is the same. The employees desired Option 2 of the program. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to accept Option 2 of the Retirement Program, seconded by Conner. Motion carried.

Slagle reported he had met with Mr. Elliott regarding the water and sewer rate study. He has asked Mr. Elliott to favor the in-Town customer charge and to raise the cost of service connections to cover the cost of installation.

Council referred the request from Mr. Gray to buy the lot beside the lagoon to the Building and Property Committee for further study.

Mr. Slagle explained some of the ideas for the downtown redevelopment.

Mr. Guell read a letter from Mr. Pittman to Mrs. A. A. Babcock, concerning a ditch on her property. Of the three alternatives presented, Mrs. Babcock favored number three which calls for 150 feet of 48 inch concrete storm sewer which will cost a total of $3300.00 of which the Highway Department will bear $825.00. Council voted to shelve the matter until further study has been made.
chunk_id: 20150
record_id: 1170
page_number: 1

