1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, March 23, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, March 23, 2010 at 7:00
pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent:  Karl E. Carter.

Others:  Chad Millner, Stephanie James, Hazel Thomas, June Goodrich, Bill Goodrich, Cliff
Harvey, Ben Harvey, Benny Harvey, Ronnie Lankford, Mary Lou Spiggle, Carlton Duck, Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer, Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette,
Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the workshop meeting to order.

Bart Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager introduced Stacey H. Wilkes, CPA as the Town
Treasurer.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the Engineering Fee Proposal for Plan of Action – Consent Order VA
0020257 submitted by WW Associates  in the amount of $15,500.00.   All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted to
appoint Barbara Short to the Appomattox Town Tree Board as the Appomattox Garden Club
representative.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to approve the mileage reimbursement reduction of $0.55 to $0.50 of the Travel Policy.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Updates from Standing Committees –

Finance Committee – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee will meet on Wednesday,
March 24, 2010 at 4:00 p.m.

Fire & Safety Committee – Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs reported that the third (3rd) town newsletter is
scheduled to be mailed by the end of the week.

Ordinance Committee – No report.

Personnel Committee – Mr. Williams reported that the Personnel Committee will meet soon to
discuss affects on the FY 2011.

Street & Property –It is included in Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise’s staff report.

Utility Committee – No report.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, March 23, 2010

Updates from Staff Members –
Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise provided his report along with highlights from the Utility Director,
Director of Tourism and Town Clerk.  (Report attached)

Council Concerns -
None

On a motion by Councilmember Williams, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

