ee)

Page 2 of 2
Council Minutes - December 13, 1999

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council agreed to the eight points stated in the agreement
for the Walton Place Well owned by the Jamersonâ€™s and
authorized Mayor Spiggle to sign the necessary documents
once the wording has been changed, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to authorize Mayor Spiggle to sign the
Central Virginia Electric Agreement after Mr. Phillips has
concurred with the wording and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to refer the request for a special exemption
to have a Church in the TruValue Building off Harrell
Street to the Appomattox Planning Commission and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to refer the request from Founders Furniture
for a conditional use permit to the Appomattox Planning
Commission for their recommendation and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry,
Council voted to adopt the proclamation for the Time
Capsule at the Appomattox Middle School and ali those
present voting aye. (see attached copy). Motion carried.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

C z,0 MAYOR

CLERK
