ref: reel_02_0680
date: 1973-03-19
content: Mr. Slagle reported that Williamson & Co., Inc. had decided not to buy either of the two lots as previously proposed to Council and has requested that they be permitted to substitute a lot owned by E. Leroy Smith on East Patricia Ann Lane for the rezoning hearing. Mr. Hubbard made the motion and Mrs. Robinson seconded to accept the substitution. Motion carried.

Council had no objections to the new sign for Jeanne's located on 460 at J.E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc.

Council authorized Mr. Slagle to request an Actuarial Study from the Virginia Supplemental Retirement System at a cost of $150.00. E.H. Guill made the motion and T.E. Conner seconded. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Guill and seconded by Mrs. Robinson it was voted to amend the insurance on the contents of the Municipal Building from $2,000 to $5,000. It was also requested that an inventory of the contents be made. Motion carried.

A resolution from the Post Office was presented to Council. Motion made by Hubbard and Mrs. Robinson seconded to adopt the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox understands that a survey conducted by a postal inspector several years ago, showed that the Town of Appomattox came close to meeting the requirements for city delivery service, and;

WHEREAS, The Town of Appomattox has grown steadily during the past several years in both business and residential areas, and;

WHEREAS, A major furniture manufacturing facility employing approximately 700 persons is expected to be in full operation by 1975 with many of these people moving into or near the Town limits of Appomattox, and;

WHEREAS, The entire lot of 549 lockboxes in the Appomattox Post Office is rented, and the box lobby will have to be remodeled if additional boxes are installed;

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That the Appomattox Town Council, assembled in regular meeting at the Town Office on Monday, March 19, 1973 requests that the U.S. Postal Service consider the establishment of city delivery service for the Town of Appomattox and certain adjacent parts of the County and inform the Appomattox Town Manager as soon as possible, of their decision.

Motion carried.

A letter was presented from Mrs. A.R. Martin concerning the traffic at the Appomattox Garment Company on 460. Mr. Slagle reported that he had suggested to Mr. Pittman that a
chunk_id: 20141
record_id: 1161
page_number: 1

