# REGULAR MEETING – October 15, 2002

Page 1 of 4


The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, October 15,
2002, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding. .

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon,
Marvin H, Mitchell, Norman Mayberry, and W. H. Carson.

Others present were: Evans Thomas, Marian Thomas, William N. Phillips, Town
Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk and
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr, Mitchell, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to approve
the Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Evans Thomas, representing TransDominion Express gave a brief presentation on why
this would be beneficial to the Town of Appomattox. They are requesting a donation of
$5 00. 00.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to ‘purchase the
recyled tire nuggets for the Children’s Park at an approximate costs of S15 00.00 and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. McDearmon reported that the Utility Committee will meet again on the RFP for the
Water Study Plan. There are still some questions that need to be answered regarding the
Plan. . .

Mr. Mayberry reported that the Fire Department would like for the Town to give the
requested money up front, on their portion of the proposed new building.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to give the
Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department $90,000.00 for the Building Fund up front
instead of in yearly payments.

Carson-aye Bennett-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye McDearmon-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Mayberry reported that Debbie Powell, Chairman of the Touristn Task Force, had
approached him to request that the Town donate to the Chamber $2000.00 for some part-
time help to assist the Executive Director.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to expend
$2,000.00 for the Chamber of Commerce for part-time help in the office, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

43