ref: reel_03_0571
date: 1980-06-03
content: June 3, 1980

Town of Appomattox
P. O. Box 705
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Attn.: Mr. W. R. Britton, Town Manager
Ref.: Appomattox Wastewater Facilities Plan,
Comm. No. 7514L

Gentlemen:

We appreciate the opportunity afforded us at the June 2nd Town Council Meeting to present cost estimates and projected user charges for selected wastewater treatment alternatives. We wish to confirm several items of importance which were discussed at this meeting.

The user rates presented in our letter reports and in the Step I Plan include debt service as well as the operation and maintenance costs of the total Appomattox Sewer System and should not be viewed as increases over and above existing sewer rates.

In accordance with 40 CFR 35.935-13 of the Water Pollution Control Act, a user charge system shall be developed by the Grantee after bids are received for this project. This system shall set out equitable monthly user charges for all customers and shall be based on the volume of wastewater entering the system; i.e., every user of the sewer system will pay the same rate per 1000 gallons discharged into the system. Since sewage is generally not metered from single connections, it is common practice to base the volume of sewage discharged per user on metered water consumption. Each user then pays a pro-rata share of the total cost of the Wastewater System.

Industrial Cost Recovery is not applicable for the Town of Appomattox since there are no industries in the Service Area which meet the definition of Industrial User established by the EPA.

Should you have additional questions, please call.

Sincerely,

MAY-HINES & ASSOCIATES
James C. May, Jr.
James C. May, Jr., P.E.
JCM:rlh
chunk_id: 20698
record_id: 1718
page_number: 1

