ref: reel_03_0730
date: 1980-06-09
content: Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to amend Section 2-10 of the Town Code, to provide for a Police Committee in the list of Standing Committees.

Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Carter-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported to Council on the well sites and rights of way.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Gordon, Council voted to authorize a $1200.00 raise each for H.T. Nash, Sr., and John C. Harris, to compensate for extra work being done by them for sewerage testing being performed on week-ends, and this is not to reflect on the annual raise for Town Employees.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Gordon-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported to Council on the loan from F.H.A., and the site of Continental Can Company for the Sewerage Treatment Plant site.

On a motion by Mr. Gordon, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to authorize the condemnation of the Continental Can Company site and all right of way and give Mr. Kerr authorization to sign the necessary documents.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to authorize Mr. Britton to obtain bids for Trash Collection Contractual Agreement, for consideration in the 1981 Budget, and all members voted aye.

Mr. Britton was requested by Council to try to obtain cost estimates for the Audit for the Town if done very year as opposed to every two years and bring the figures back to Council.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Gordon, Council authorized Mr. Britton, to attend the Virginia Municipal League Annual Conference and Building Officials meeting and all members voted aye.

It was the general consensus of Council that the Mayor be authorized to approve all meetings and conferences to be attended by the Town Manager.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to approve Mr. Britton's seventeen days of training for the Emergency Services Program, and all members voted aye.

On a motion by Mr. Gordon, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to raise the fee from $15.00 to $25.00 per meeting for Councilmen to be in effect for the 1981 year.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Gordon-aye
Motion carried.

The request from H.G. Lawson, on the sewerage fees for Apt. Complexes was referred to the Sewer Committee for their study and recommendations

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20804
record_id: 1824
page_number: 1

