ref: reel_03_0729
date: 1980-06-09
content: Regular Meeting
June 9, 1980

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 9, 1980 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, T. E. Conner, M. E. Gordon, and S. E. Carter. R. L. Bass-absent. Councilmen-Elect Ray Noble and W. H. Carson were also present.

Also present were Barbara Williams, Clerk, H. G. Lawson, Attorney, Bod Deinler, Arco, Inc. Bill Sherrod, Reporter, Judy Volturo, B. H. Mullins, Clerk and W. R. Britton, Jr. Town Manager.

The Agenda was approved with two additions: Mr. Gordon - Conferences and Schools - on a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, with all members voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Gordon, the minutes of the regular meeting May 12, 1980 and two special calls - May 19th and June 2nd, were approved as submitted and all members voted aye.

Mr. H. G. Lawson appeared before Council to request that some relief be given from the fees as set by Council on Apartment Complex removal of the Inflow and Infiltration. Council took this request under advisement.

Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of Circuit Court, advised Council that she would collect delinquent Town Taxes for the Town, if Council so desired, in accordance with State Law.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to authorize Barbara Williams, Clerk of Circuit Court, to collect delinquent taxes in accordance with Section 58, Code of Virginia, and in accordance with the same procedures as the County of Appomattox uses.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Gordon-aye Motion carried.

Mr. Delmir, Arco, Inc., appeared before Council to inform Council of the steps they are taking to improve the Cable TV Service in Appomattox. He also requested a variance from Arco's contract with the Town of Appomattox, which requires an office in the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council agreed to a 90-day variance from the contract and at the end of the ninety day period, Council would have the option to either renew or terminate, the variance.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Gordon, Council voted to amend and re-enact the Section 15.3 of the Town Code, which would change the term to "Bank Franchise Tax" instead of "Bank Stock Tax" and provide an ordinance forthwith. (A Copy can be found in Council file dated June 1980).

Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Motion Carried.
chunk_id: 20803
record_id: 1823
page_number: 1

