1

Public Hearing – June 16, 2008

At the Public Hearing of the Appomattox Town Council held on June 16, 2008 at 7:00 pm in the
Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia,
there present were Mayor John L. Wilson, presiding and Council members Joyce B. Bennett, N.
H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Jennifer Jamerson-
Scruggs and Steven E. Lawson.  Also in attendance were Paul D. Harvey, Karl Carter, Stephanie
James, Susan and Joseph Schmick, Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield, Leslie C. Austin, David T.
Garrett, Jr., Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Wilson called the public hearing to order.

Mayor Wilson stated the purpose of the hearing being held by the Appomattox Town Council
was to receive public comments on the following:

Proposed FY 2009 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-2506
Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by the Town of
Appomattox for FY 2009:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
TOURISM FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
TOURISM FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

1,291,525.00
217,125.00
422,569.00
  983,926.00
2,915,145.00

1,291,525.00
217,125.00
422,569.00
  983,926.00
2,915,145.00

Documentation has been available at the Town Office on 210 Linden Street from 8:30 a.m. until
4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.

Proposed changes to the Water and Sewer Policy User Charges (including Water and
Sewer Rates), Connection and Availability Fees Administrative Policy

a)  Specifically being to increase the water rates for in town customers from $6.35 per
month for the 1st 2000 gallons allowable metered sales and $5.54 for each 1000
gallons thereafter to $5.80 per 1000 gallons for all consumption and a $4.00 per
month per user fee for Capital Replacement.

The water rates for out of town customers from $9.53 per month for the 1st 2000
gallons allowable metered sales and $8.31 for each 1000 gallons thereafter to $8.70
per 1000 gallons for all consumption and a $6.00 per month per user fee for
Capital Replacement.

2

Public Hearing – June 16, 2008

b)  Specifically being to increase the sewer rates for in town customers from $7.25 per
1000 gallons of all metered water consumption to $8.25 per 1000 gallons of all
metered water consumption.

The sewer rates for out of town customers from $10.88 per 1000 gallons of all
metered water consumption to $12.38 per 1000 gallons of all metered water
consumption.

These rate changes are to be enacted pursuant to Section 15.2-2109 et. seq., with specific
reference being made to Sections 15.2-2119 and 15.2-2122, of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as
amended.  Documentation, including the complete ordinance and other information concerning
the documentation for the proposed fee, have been made available at the Appomattox Town
Office, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday
through Friday.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Wilson closed the public hearing at 7:15 p.m.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

