1  Regular Council Meeting

June 16, 2008

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on June 16, 2008 at 7:30
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor John L. Wilson, presiding and Council members Joyce B.
Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams, Steven E. Lawson, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Jr., and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Mary Williams, Karl
Carter, Paul Harvey, Stephanie James, Bob Hopkins, Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield, Frank A.
Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette,
Clerk.

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order.

John T. “Plicky” Williams gave the invocation.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Williams and with all members present
voting “aye”, Council approved the consent agenda dated June 16, 2008 as presented.  Motion
carried.

Public Comments – none
Mayor’s Comments – none
Appearances - none
Unfinished Business – none

New Business

The Appomattox Town Council gave consensus to the Town Manager to send the request of
Mark Marston to build a duplex on Lee Grant Avenue in an R-2 district to the Appomattox
Planning Commission.

Street & Property Committee Report
On a recommendation by Mr. Lawson, Chairman of the Street & Property Committee, Council
voted to approve the street light for Lee Grant Avenue near J. C. Caldwell’s, the street light on
Patterson Street near Well #9, the two street lights on Stevens Street at the total installation cost
of $988.32.  All members present voting “aye”.  Motion carried.

Mr. McDearmon questioned the water going to the ball fields at the High School on Red House
Road.  Mr. Garrett informed Council that he had discussed two options with Mr. Perrow of the
School System.  Option 1 would include extending the existing main water line an additional 200
feet between the football field and the baseball field.  This option could cost an additional
$20,000.  Option 2 would be to move down 10 feet on an 8” or 10” main for a wet tap that could
be made to the adjacent water meter.  It will take staff time to excavate the size of the pipe.

Town Manager Updates –
Mr. Garrett reported that he had received word from the Wal-Mart engineers that they are
waiting on one hurdle.  That being the Virginia Department of Health fire flows from the site.  If
there is a fire, it needs to be determined we have a four hour fire protection.  Basically, the

2  Regular Council Meeting

June 16, 2008

Health Department is encouraging us to put in a model program of our development to make sure
that our system can handle this growth.

Mr. Garrett also reported that the million gallon water storage tank will only hold 825,000
gallons of water.  It has been discovered that the altitude valve at the tank on Patricia Anne Lane
is installed improperly.  The Town is in the process of taking the valves apart and installing them
properly.

Mayor Wilson asked Mr. Garrett when was it discovered that the altitude valves were installed
improperly?  Mr. Garrett reported three weeks to a month ago.  Mayor Wilson rephrased his
question.  How long have you known about the valves?  Mr. Garrett said since 1984.  Mr. Harold
Nash explained how the altitude valves worked.  Mr. Garrett further explained that the demand
on the system has prompted him to check into the capacity of the tanks.

Mr. Garrett informed Town Council members of the Dinner planned to honor Mayor Wilson,
Steve Lawson and Joyce Bennett and to congratulate the incoming Mayor and Council members.
The dinner would also be used as a training program and to familiarize ourselves with the mayor
and council members.

Mr. Garrett also advised Council members that he would be attending the Manager’s Conference
in Virginia Beach on June 17 – 20, 2008.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

