188

REGULAR MEETING - April 11, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, April 11, 1994 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass,

S. E. Lawson, W. H. Carson, and S. EB. Carter.

Others present: Cindy Smith, Julie Waldo, Derral Jones,
Department of Conservation and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the Agenda as presented and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Mitchell gave his Committee report on the Unloading
Zone at the Middle School.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to accept the Committee's recommendation and not change
the parking signs for safety reasons at the Middle School

and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Carter reported he will not receive a final cost
on the Computer until Wednesday. No decision was made
at this time.

Derral Jones, Department of Conservation, appeared before
Town Council to discuss the Virginia By-Way Designation.
He briefed Council on what is proposed and answered
questions. No action was taken.

Mayor Spiggle informed Council of the Tour Dupont Race
scheduled in May. They will need a letter of endorsement.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, Seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to send a letter of endorsement for the Tour Dupont
Race on May 8th and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

A Command Center for the Emergency Services being located
at the Town Office was discussed by Council. No action was
taken at this time, because more details were needed.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to endorse and support #he resolution from the
Central Virginia Planning District Commission regarding the
Transamerica Transportation Corridor Study and ail those
present voting aye. Motion carried. (See attached copy).

