Regular Meeting - February 18, 2000

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, February 14, 2000 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Norman Mayberry, Marvin Mitchell, and Steve
Lawson. Absent —- Bass

Others present were: S. E. Carter, William M. Phillips,
Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Mrs. Paul M. Raymond,
Laura Molligy, Marrin Page, Samuel Carter, Davida
Wingfield, Blanche and Rodney Barnes, and Bobbie Mullins,
Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the Agenda with three additions: 9.
Resolution to open a new checking account, 10. Reformed
Bible Church petition for zoning, 11. Community of Candles
statement, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to establish a special checking account for
the VRA Account in Farmers Bank, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,

Council voted to appropriate the $2277.37 for the Incubator

at the Wastewater Treatment Plant and ail those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs. Bennett,
Council voted to approve the “Scum Removal Change Order” to
the Wastewater Treatment Plant for JMT.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mayberry-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

353
