Page 3 of 4
Council minutes - February 14, 2000

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to grant Shirley Jones a 12 month extension
for her sewer hook on Oakleigh Avenue and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to deny the request from Transdominion
Express for a donation of $500.00 and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the resolution for a “Notice to
Proceed” to D. S. Nash for the ISTEA Project pending
approval by VDOT. See attached copy.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mayberry-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson,
Council voted to refer the request for Street lights at the
Appomattox Town Center and Union Boulevard to the Street
Committee and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson,
Council voted to pass the resolution of support for the
Watkins M. Abbitt Memorial Park and authorized Mayor
Spiggle to work on this proyect and all those present — ~
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to appoint Jimmy Mayberry to the County
Comprehensive Strategy Development Committee and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to convene in closed session to consider the
acquisition or disposition of public property in accordance
with Section 2.1-344 (A) 3, of the State Code, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried

SSS
