1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, December 14, 2020
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – James J. Boyce, Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, and Claudia G. Puckette (via phone).

Staff members present – Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne
W. Casto, Clerk of Council; and Jeff Elder, Facilities Director.

Others present – Susan Chapman, Brown, Edwards & Company, Carlton Duck, Alive Media,
Michelle Murch, Times Virginian newspaper and Christian Raymond.

The meeting was also broadcast Live on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
May the blessings of a safe holiday season be upon all of you.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Susan Chapman, CPA with Brown Edwards & Company, LLP presented the fiscal year 2020
Annual Audit report for the Town of Appomattox and answered questions of the Town Council.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda for December 14, 2020 with the addition of New Business #3 – Consideration of bonuses
for Town funded deputies of the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to accept the FY 2020
Annual Audit for the Town of Appomattox from Brown, Edwards & Company, LLP.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adopt the following
budget amendment resolutions:

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2020

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizens Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger provided the following updates:

➢  Matt Perkins with Central Virginia Planning District Commission will be at November
Workshop meeting to provide an update on the closeout of the Meadowlark project.
➢  The closing process continues regarding the Inflow and Infiltration Sewer Project with

Rural Development.

Council Comments:
Mrs. Puckette – none

Mr. Simpson – First, I think it would be good to have either a workshop session or retreat to
learn more about the state of utilities.  I think it could help us all establish a common language as
we move forward.  How are our water and sewer systems doing?  What is our 10-15-20 year
outlook?  What stuff is not on the Capital Improvement Plan at this point that we need to start
looking at for 10 years from now.  Just making sure we have a long-term vision.

Secondly, 2020 has been an insane year and I wanted to see if we could open a discussion of how
to compensate our Town Staff a cost-of-living adjustments and a one-time bonus would be great
thankful to our staff but unsure of where the funds would come from.

Ms. Spiggle – Before COVID hit, that was our plan in our FY 21 budget but after COVID and
there was a reduction in revenue then we readjusted the budget to eliminate the cost-of-living
adjustments.  In years past, we [Town} has given bonuses, cost of living adjustments – but these
are trying times.

Mr. Simpson – I do not think the budget was as doom and gloom as we thought it would be.  We
are in a spot, better than we thought.  We also have good people and want to keep them.

Ms. Spiggle – We do but we also have these projects that we need to complete.  I think that is
fiscally responsible.

Mr. Simpson – I think it is fiscally irresponsible to ask people to work for less than they did last
year.

Mr. T. Garrett – none

Mr. Tilton – none

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2020

Ms. Spiggle – none

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.  All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

