ref: reel_02_0332
date: 1958-01-10
content: Motion was made by J.C. Caldwell, seconded by G.E. Smith, That the Fire alarm be moved to the State Police Station as soon as possible. Motion carried.

Motion was made by John S. Grinels, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, That from this day on any person requesting water or sewer connections for a house trailer be charged the cost of installing the water and sewer lines to be held until the revenue from the water rent and sewer tax has paid this cost to the Town, then the deposit be returned to the customer. Motion carried. Except the WSTO Septic fire

A motion was made by J.C. Caldwell, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town give to the Chief of the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department $80.00 for services rendered. Motion was carried.

Motion was made by T. Hunter Dickerson seconded by G.E. Smith, That the Town of Appomattox leases from the J.R. Caldwell, Estate the right-of-way to the new Town Dump for the sum of $50.00 per year beginning January 1, 1958. Motion carried.

Motion made by John S. Grinels, seconded by J.C. Caldwell, That the town acquire a Public parking lot within a reasonable distance of the business district. Motion carried.

Motion made by G.E. Smith, seconded by John Grinels that the Town put up the Christmas lights. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of January 20, 1958.

SPECIAL MEETING

A Special Meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on January 10, 1958, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding. The following members were present: G.E. Smith, C. Lewis McDearmon, John S. Grinels, T. Hunter Dickerson and J.C. Caldwell

Motion was made by John S. Grinels seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, That paragraph 16 of the Charter of the Town of Appomattox be amended as follows: by deleting the following words and phrases therefrom but said license shall in no case exceed that imposed by the State of Virginia, for like privileges, where the state imposes a license, that: That the members of the General Assembly representing Appomattox County be requested to have the Legislators pass an appropriate act to bring about this amendment. Motion carried.

The Meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 19816
record_id: 836
page_number: 1

