ref: reel_02_0333
date: 1958-01-20
content: JANUARY MEETING

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on January 20, 1958, with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding. The following members were present: G. C. Poe, G. E. Smith, John S. Grinles, J. C. Caldwell, and T. Hunter Dickerson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by G. C. Poe, that the Town parking meters be installed from a legal distance from Harrell Street to Oakleigh Avenue on the east side of Church Street, two parking meters in front of Poe Hardware Company, and no parking from there to the Drug Store on the west side of Church Street east and two parking meters on the west side of Church Street on the legal distance of Main Street. Parking meters to be installed on all available spaces on both sides of Main Street. Motion Carried.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by John S. Grinles, That the Town of Appomattox lease a parking lot from Mrs. Thelma M. Dickerson at $240.00 per year for a period of one year with a renewal privilege of one year if agreeable to both parties. Motion Carried.

The following building permit was asked for and approved: J. A. Robinshon permit to build a home on Ferguson Avenue, brick veneer at an approximate cost of $12,000.00.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of February 17, 1958.

Signed [Unreadable Signature], Mayor

Chas. T. Moses, Jr.

Signed [Unreadable Signature], Clerk

T. J. Hunter

SPECIAL MEETING

A Special Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on February 11, 1958, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding.

The following members were present: C. Lewis McDearmon, G. E. Smith, John S. Grinles and T. Hunter Dickerson.

Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by G. E. Smith, That it shall be unlawful for any person to damage or injure, wholly or in part or to destroy any parking meter or any part thereof in the Town of Appomattox. Further it shall be a violation of the law for any person to use or insert any slug or object, other than lawful United States money, into the coin slot of any parking meter in the Town of Appomattox. Any person found guilty of violating this ordinance shall be punished by a fine of not less than $5.00 or more than $50.00 or by jail sentence of not less than 5 days or more than 30 days. This ordinance shall be effective and in force immediately upon its publication. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19817
record_id: 837
page_number: 1

