56.

October 9 - Page 2

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to obtain the early retirement benefit for the Town, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Tt was general consensus of Town Council to leave our Trash
Collection policy as it is now.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to advertize their intent to adopt an amendment to the
Town Code, Chapter 10, Section 10-23. Loitering, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

It was general consensus of Town Council that the Mayor
approach Mr. & Mrs. Joe Coflin regarding parking on the
street on Oakleigh Avenue.

Council authorized Mayor Spiggle to write a letter to the
National Park Service agreeing to the preliminary study to
secure a cost estimate, with all costs to be borne by the
National Park Service.

On a motion vy Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
set Fall Clean-Up from October 23, 1989 until November 3,
1989, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted in accordance with Section 2.1-344 of the State Code
to go into Executive Session to discuss Town Personnel.

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell~-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to reconvene into Regular Session and stating that only
personnel matters were discussed in the Executive Session,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council agreed to set the next workshop date for October
30, 1989 at 6:30 P.M. in the Town Office.

There being no further business to come before Council, the
meeting adjourned.

— Rorstd C. Docigle wavon
Ronald C. Spi e

Bobbie H+ Mullins

