166. Regular Meeting - July 12, 1993

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, July 12, 1993, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding

Those present were: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner, S. E. Carter,
W. H. Carson, and R. L. Bass. Absent - S. E. Lawson

Others present: Lisa Pitcher, Bill Sherrod, Phillip Jamerson,
Roxanne Williams, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting opened with a prayer.

On a motion Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
approved the Consent Agenda with the following additions:
6. Jd. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc., - Conditional Use Permit,
7. Steve Lawson - Conditional Use Permit, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

The reguest from J. E. Jamerson & Sons, was dicussed by
Council, the conclusion, a conditional use permit to
build the warehouse in a M-1l Zone was not needed.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to leave the electric service in the name of the Town of
Appomattox and bill the Chamber of Commerce monthly upon
receipt of Virginia Power Bill. Ayes 4 Nays 1 Motion
carried. :

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to allow the Chamber of Commerce to install the Mural

of the National Park at the Depot and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to Loan the Old Desk to the Chamber of Commerce for use
in the display area and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to offer the items for Sale as Surplus Property as
shown on the list attached, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the request from CAELS Associates for a water
and sewer connecction for the Express Lane on Route 460, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to adopt¢ the New Policy for Trash Collection which is as
follows, trash will picked up on the day after the holiday,

and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

