ref: reel_03_0874
date: 1984-10-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, October 9, 1984, with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. L. Bass, S. E. Carter, M. L. Webb, H. W. Conner, & R. C. Hubbard. Absent - Ray Noble.

Others present were: W. W. Hibbert, C.V.P.D.C., W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The Meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, the Agenda with one addition to New Business: Item 3. Regional Transportation Plan, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved the minutes with one correction on Page 2, paragraph 4, of the September meeting, to show Mr. Webb - aye instead of Mr. Hubbard - aye, who was absent. Motion carried.

Mr. Hibbert, C.V.P.D.C., appeared before Council to bring them up-to-date on the Regional Transportation Policies Plan, the goals, objectives, and strategies.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council adopted the following resolution on Transportation:

WHEREAS, development of a regional transportation plan for Central Virginia has been a high priority project for several years; and

WHEREAS, the Central Virginia Planning District Commission developed a plan that examines the existing transportation system within the eleventh planning District, identifies present and future problems, and proposes alternative solutions to solving the problems; and

WHEREAS, said commission held a public hearing on said plan on October 27, 1983, and public testimony was received; and

WHEREAS, said commission on May 24, 1984, duly adopted the goals objectives and implementation strategies of the Central Virginia Regional Transportation Policies Plan, and requested the Town of Appomattox to adopt the goals, objectives and applicable implementation strategies of the Central Virginia Regional Transportation Policies Plan;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council in regular session assembled, hereby duly accepts the public hearing held by the Central Virginia Planning District Commission on October 27, 1983, and duly adopts the goals and objectives of the Central Virginia Regional Transportation Policies Plan and the implementation strategies applicable only to Appomattox.
chunk_id: 20890
record_id: 1910
page_number: 1

