ref: reel_02_0507
date: 1968-01-15
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on January 15, 1968 at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. 

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb. 

The meeting was opened with a prayer. 

Mr. Phillips, District Engineer, and Mr. C. M. Clark, Resident Engineer, from the State Highway Department were present. Mr. Phillips reported that traffic counts had been made on Confederate Boulevard at 4 intersections. He said that there was not sufficient traffic on Confederate Boulevard or the side streets to justify traffic lights. 

Mayor Pack announced that the McDearmon lot on Lee Street had been leased for parking. 

Holland moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That a building permit be issued to Fred Jones to build an office on Patricia Anne Lane at an estimated cost of $2,000.00. Motion carried. 

Mayor Pack asked the Fire Committee and chairman Hubbard of the Property Committee to consider the request of the Appomattox Rescue Squad that the two-way radio systems be merged. 

Mayor Pack reported that building permits for buildings valued at $452,550.00 had been issued during 1967. This compared with $170,300.00 for 1965 and $177,800.00 for 1966. 

The Council approved making an 8" water line tie-in across Confederate Boulevard at Moses Street to connect the 2 - 4" lines. 

The meeting adjourned.

Signed Mayor
H. B. Pack

Signed Clerk
C. S. Booth
chunk_id: 19978
record_id: 998
page_number: 1

