ref: reel_02_0638
date: 1972-12-01
content: Committee Meeting

A meeting of the Fire Committee was held on Monday, December 4, 1972 to discuss the Christmas supper with the Fire Chief and the Fire Commissioner.

Those present were Martin Webb, T.E. Conner, and Burke Quill.

A guest list consisting of 68 persons was prepared. It was decided to have the supper at Jeanne's Restaurant with the menu consisting of prime rib steak, baked potato, salad and beverage. It was also decided to have a door prize for the firemen.

Martin L. Webb, Chairman

Committee Meeting

On Friday, December 1, 1972 the Water and Sewage Committee met to discuss the advisability of proceeding with the installation of a water and sewer line across the Route 635 bridge.

Those present were the following: Ivey Holland, Mrs. Robinson, and Martin L. Webb.

The Committee felt that it is advisable to proceed with the project at the present time and to award the contract to Lawson Jones Construction Company providing that their bid is in the order of $8,000.00 for the following reasons:

1. Grant monies when available will cover a percentage of the sewer force main only.

2. If the lines are added later a) Portions of the bridge will have to be repainted, b) The Highway Department and "R & W" Railroad must have an inspector on the job, c) The contracting firm must be bonded to cross the tracks, d) Approximately forty feet of the bridge approaches will have to be excavated, e) Two drainage walls will have to be removed, f) Permit must be obtained from the Highway Department.

3. It was felt that due to inflation the cost of installing the water line and participating in the cost of the sewer force main at a later date in all probability will exceed the cost of the entire project now.
chunk_id: 20108
record_id: 1128
page_number: 1

