ref: reel_02_0611
date: 1972-03-20
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, March 20, 1972 at 7:30 P.M. in the Council Room. Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. G. Hubbard, T. E. Conner, and Martin Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Conner requested that a grease gun and first aid kit be bought for the Fire Department. Conner reported that the radio on the joint owned Tanker was beyond repair. A discussion followed on whether to buy a new radio or lease one.

Motion made by Hubbard seconded by Robinson that Mr. Webb be instructed to discuss the problem with Bill Whitmer.

Mr. Pack reported that the other radios had been repaired and were now in operation again.

Mrs. Robinson reported that the specifications for the new well had not been received but as soon as they do plans will go ahead for drilling the new well No. 7 on the lot the Town has an option on.

Guill reported that a Public Hearing will be held April 11, 1972 in the Court House on the Court Street (131) at 7:00 P.M. Maps, drawings, and other information will be available for the public’s interest.

Webb moved and Holland seconded that the Town pay the Dog Warden $100 a month during the confinement period. The confinement will run from April 15, 1972 to June 15, 1972. It was left to Mr. Pack to attend to the details of this agreement. Motion carried.

Mr. Pack reported that Mr. Creed Elliott had been to Lynchburg and filed an A95. This is an application to see if Appomattox could be accepted for a loan.

The auditors report from Berry, Dall & Drinkard for 1971 was discussed.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor

Signed C. S. Booth Clerk
chunk_id: 20081
record_id: 1101
page_number: 1

