1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 10, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 10, 2021 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette and James J. Boyce.

Others present – Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Laura Briceland, Sarah Conner, Sharon
Conner, Chad Hodges, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger,
Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer (via phone); and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

The meeting was also broadcast Live on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner read the following proclamation:

A PROCLAMATION HONORING
THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL
2020 STATE CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL TEAM

WHEREAS, the hard work, dedication, sportsmanship, talent and exceptional team chemistry of
the 2020 Appomattox Raiders Football Team has enabled these student athletes to earn a fifth
State Championship title since 2015; and

WHEREAS, the 2020 Appomattox Raiders Football team completed the season with a perfect
record; and

WHEREAS, the 2020 Appomattox Raiders Football team won the Virginia High School League
Group 2A Football Championship with a 48-41 victory over Stuarts Draft; and

WHEREAS, Head Coach Doug Smith, Interim Coach Stephen Castello, and the entire coaching
staff, team member parents, faculty and student body at Appomattox County High School were
integral in guiding the team to victory through their unwavering support during the season;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that I, Richard C. Conner, Mayor of the Town of
Appomattox along with my fellow Councilmembers, do hereby proclaim May 10, 2021 as “2020
Appomattox Raider Football Team Day” in honor of the 2020 State Champion Appomattox
County Varsity Football Team’s outstanding accomplishments.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 10, 2021

FURTHER, I urge all citizens of Appomattox County to join me in recognizing and celebrating
the team’s achievement and wish the members of the team continued success.

________________________________________
Richard C. Conner, Mayor
Town of Appomattox

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda for April 12, 2021 as presented.  All members voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to declare the following
items surplus:

•  Quincy 5hp air compressors, Quantity 2
•  96 gallon roll out trash cans, Quantity 205

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizens Comment Period:
None

Town Manager Updates –
Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following activities:

➢  The Town responded to additional questions from USDA regarding the Church

Street waterline replacement project.

➢  Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. will present the findings of the water and sewer rate study

and breakeven analysis at the May 25th Workshop meeting.
➢  Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. will also forward the findings to Davenport.
➢  Davenport will attend the June 29th Workshop meeting to present the general fund

financial analysis.

➢  A public hearing for the proposed FY 2022 Budget and the Poultry Ordinance are

scheduled for 6:00 p.m. on May 25, 2021.

➢  Requested Council review their calendars for a retreat on September 17, 2021.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 10, 2021

Council Comments –
Mrs. Puckette extended an invitation to the June 19th – Juneteenth Celebration at the Courtland
Festival Park from 11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.

Mr. Tilton – None

Ms. Spiggle – None

Mr. Boyce – None

Mr. Garrett – None

Mr. Simpson – Thanked the owner of the Triangle Plaza for the façade improvements.  It looks
great and he is excited about business development in the community.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn the meeting at
7:45 p.m.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

