1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 25, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, May 25, 2021, at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou
Spiggle and Claudia G. Puckette.  Absent:  Aaron Tilton.

Others present:  Chad Hodges, Sharon Conner, Sara Conner, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV;
Michelle Murch, Times Virginian Newspaper; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger,
Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne Casto, Clerk

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and public
phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com was available.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting.

Mayor Conner opened the public hearing to hear citizen input on the following:

Proposed FY 2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-

1)
2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by the Town of
Appomattox for FY 2022:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

2,973,203.00
0.00
1,279,183.00
6,653,937.00
10,906,323.00

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

2,973,203.00
0.00
1,279,183.00
6,653,937.00
10,906,323.00

There were no public comments.

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning

2)
adoption by the Town Council of:

1.  To amend Chapter 117 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 117, to add

Article V and to add the following provision which shall become Section 117-28 through
117-30 thereof, entitled “Regulation of Residential Chicken Keeping”.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 25, 2021

2.  To amend Chapter 195 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, thereof, entitled Zoning,
Article I, entitled “General Provisions”, to incorporate the following definitions into the
existing definitions of this section.

3.  To amend Chapter 195 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, thereof, entitled Zoning,
to add a new article providing for Article XVII, entitled “General Provisions”, Section
195-163, entitled “Residential Chicken Keeping”.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearings.

Discussion Items:
Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. will present the Utility Study Update at the June 14, 2021, meeting.

Council Comments:
Mrs. Puckette mentioned she has received complaints regarding truck reviving loudly between
the hours of 11:00 p.m. – 1:00 a.m.  Mr. Shanaberger said he will reach out the Town Attorney.

Mr. Sipson advised he attended a meeting of the Appomattox Tourism Committee at the
American Civil War Museum this morning.  A new TV ad/commercial is airing now.

Mr. Boyce is concerned about the social media attacks on Council and Town Staff.  He
encourages those who have an issue with business procedures to come work it out, but not
through Facebook.  We are all adults, lets talk about it.

Ms. Spiggle agreed with Mr. Boyce 100%.  The Town has excellent staff, and we can iron out
the issues.

Mr. Garrett - none

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for revenues and expenditures though
April 30, 2021.

Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director provided an update on the sewer inflow and infiltration project.

Mrs. Puckette inquired about the funding to repair the outside of the depot on Main Street.  The
Physical Development Committee will set up a meeting for June 14th prior to the Regular
Council meeting.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 25, 2021

Mr. Simpson inquired if the Town had consulted with any financial partners to protect ourselves
with the large cash accounts balance.  Mrs. Ray said hopefully Davenport will be able to assist
with diversifying the Town’s portfolio.

Mr. Shanaberger thanked Mr. Elder and the Public Works Department for wearing so many hats
and managing the Inflow and Infiltration project.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:

➢  The Town has been awarded a USDA/RD grant of $1.1 million; a low interest loan for
$500,000 for the Church Street waterline.  The Town has also received $650,000 from
DHCD.  The Town is trying to schedule a kick of meeting with each agency.

➢  David Mikula of Mikla Harris introduced himself and firm to the Project Management

Teach of the Appomattox Downtown Revitalization project.

➢  Staff continues to wait for guidance regarding the American Rescue Plan Act funding.
➢  Suggested Friday, September 17, 2021 for the Council Retreat.

Mr. Boyce also suggested attendance to the annual VML Conference in October 2021.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 6:42 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

