1 Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, August 23, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 23, 2011
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia 24522.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett. C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr, -
Absent

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Discussion of the Joint Planning Commission Agreement
Mr. Conner explained the new Joint Planning Commission Agreement is reducing the
number of member from ten to seven.  He doesn’t have a problem with that due to quorum
issues.  Another change in the agreement would not allow an elected official from the Town
or Board of Supervisors to serve on the Planning Commission.  Mr. Conner does not agree
with this change.  It is the consensus of Council to take the agreement back to the county and
ask for this clause to be removed.

Discussion of the possible creation of the Town Planning Commission
Mr. Gillespie explained the pros of having a Town Council Planning Commission.  He thinks
it would give diverse representation and since we are already reviewing plans at the Town
level it would make sense at this point to have our own commission.  Mr. Gillespie will
investigate this in more detail and come back to council with recommendations.

Update on Sidewalk project
Jeff Elder gave an update on the sidewalk project.  The project is about half done at this
point.  We have tried to raise the sidewalks to prevent cars from parking on them.  They are
currently working on Burke Street and everything going well.  We have had many
complements on the new sidewalks.

Update on the Phase I – STAG Project
Jeff Elder gave an update on the Phase I STAG project.  Mr. Elder explained that 210 feet of
sewer line was added to Lucy Street, due to this addition the project went over $7100.00.
Mr. Elder asked council for consensus to vote at the regular meeting in September to approve
this money be paid to the contractors.  We will be holding a retainer or asking for a
performance bond.  It is consensus of Council to vote on this at the regular council meeting.

Update on Phase II – STAG Project
Jeff Elder gave on update on the Phase II STAGE project.  The job as been stacked out and
we are waiting on manholes to come in.  Everything should come in on time as long as no
problems surface.  The work will begin at the low end of Nash’s and coming straight across
route 24 back to MOC, and then we will come back down the road.

Update on Wastewater Preliminary Engineering Report project
Mr. Gillespie reported that Reid Engineering has given him a preliminary report with five
alternatives with will probably run around $5 million.  We will start looking at the rate
increase which will be required to get this project done.  The full report will be presented at

2 Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, August 23, 2011

the September Physical Development meeting and we will begin to look at the rate increase
at the October Finance and Planning meeting.

Update on the Appomattox Waterline project and Maintenance Agreement
Mr. Gillespie submitted a draft of the Maintenance Agreement to the County, they asked for
a few changes which have been done.  The new draft copy will be given to Council.  The
waterline is moving along and should be finished by November or December, the tank is the
big piece missing right now.  The Emergency Plan will be discussed at the Physical
Development meeting in October before we take it to the Health Department.  We should be
tying into the waterline in the spring.

Discussion of the timeline for the 2012 Priorities & Initiatives
Mr. Gillespie explained its time to start looking at the Priorities & Initiatives for the
upcoming fiscal year.  He would like for everyone to start thinking about what they would
like to have as part of the POI list.  A retreat will be scheduled for sometime in October or
November.

Committee Updates
Finance and Planning – Nothing
Physical Development – Nothing

Staff Updates
Town Manager – Nothing
Town Treasurer – Nothing
Clerk – Roxanne reported she has VML Conference Information

Council Concerns
Mr. Conner has received more calls about the excessive water on Ferguson Street.  Mr.
Gillespie said there are problems with drainage on Ferguson Street.  He will talk to VDOT
about the problems.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to convene to Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of
Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment
of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially,
the financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically for
the purpose of Economic Development.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolutions applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were
identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered
by this council.

Vote – Garrett – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett – aye.
McDearmon – absent

3 Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, August 23, 2011

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council
voted to adjourn the meeting at 8:45 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

