1  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, August 8, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, August 8,
2011 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others Present:  Cliff Harvey, Scott McBride, O’Reilly’s Auto Parts; Carlton Duck and
Alive TV Crew, Stephanie James, C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer and Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order

Rev. Carlton Duck led the invocation

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance

Public Appearances – None

Mayor’s Comments
Mayor Harvey continues to thank the staff, utility worker and sewer departments for all
their hard work and willingness to get things done.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adopt the Consent Agenda for August 8, 2011.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – None

New Business
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to approve the Sign/Conditional Use Permit for O’Reilly’s Auto Parts.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to grant an exemption to §33-3 (C) 3 of the Appomattox Town Code for
the purchase of Badger water meters with Orion heads not to exceed the FY 2012 budget
for the Town of Appomattox.  All member present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Citizen Comment Period – None

2  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, August 8, 2011

Council Concerns
Mr. Conner said he was approached by neighbors regarding mud and water in their
basements during the heavy rain.  Mr. Gillespie explained if it is water overflow due to
construction they will need to contact the contractor and if it is a drainage problem in the
ditches they will need to contact VDOT.

Closed Session – None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn the meeting at 7:40 p.m.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

