ref: reel_03_0819
date: 1982-11-08
content: On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to approve the minutes of the regular meeting on October 11, 1982, and the Special Call dated November 1, 1982, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported on the meeting of the Zoning Board of Appeals. He also read a letter concerning Veteran's to Council.

The question regarding a new Copier for the Office was discussed. Council requested Mr. Britton to check with other companies, and take it to the Property Committee.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to purchase a new Police Car to replace the 1979 Impala as per the Specifications and accept the lowest bid. (see copies in Council file November 1982).

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

The Bids were opened by Mayor Spiggle, and read to Council. Council accepted the bid from Moses Motor Company, Inc. for $7,950.00 for a 1983 Chevrolet Impala.

Council discussed the Annual Fireman's Supper. They set a tenative date of December 6, 1982, at 6:00 P.M. at Jeanne's.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to donate $5.00 per firemen to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to allow Kent Hancock and Keith Coleman the use of the Depot temporarily as a place to work-out upon notification to Amelia Dress Company, provided one of the individuals is present at all times, that a two week notice will be given for them to vacate the premises, that if they should be there during Railroad Festival they will need to vacate, and that they pay towards the electric bill.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Lawson-aye Carter-aye Motion carried by a 4 to 1 voted.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 10:22 P.M.
chunk_id: 20840
record_id: 1860
page_number: 1

