ref: reel_03_0666
date: 1982-08-16
content: Regular Meeting - August 16, 1982

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, August 16, 1982, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, S. E. Carter, and T. W. Lawson.

Also present were: Lloyd Vaughan, Jim Nolen, Chamber of Commerce, Garland Ranson, Mike Torrence, Bill Sherrod, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mayor stated the request from the six Council members to hold the meeting at this time and introduced the letter from Council into Public Record. (See copy in Council file)

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, the Agenda - dated August 4, 1982, the amendment dated August 13, 1982, with an addition to New Business, Item 3, "That says lot size to be approved under Section 12-41, of the Town Code," and all members voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, the minutes of the last regular meeting held on July 12, 1982, were approved with one addition to page 2, paragraph 8, "Mr. Hubbard stated that he does not wish to serve" and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to amend the budget in account 2900, Property Maintenance and Construction, in the amount of $1125.24, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to amend the Water Fund in the Amount of $787.87, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to amend Revenue Sharing account 2128, in the amount of $221.04, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to amend the Sewer Fund, Account 6000, in the amount of $157.43, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to amend Account 2600, Street Fund in the amount of $37.43, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to approve the Financial Statement for the month of July, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Jim Nolen, Chamber of Commerce, appeared before Council to request a donation of $400.00 for the printing of the brochures.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to donate $400.00, to the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce towards the printing of the brochures and take this out of the Administrative Account 2107.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20753
record_id: 1773
page_number: 1

