ref: reel_03_0818
date: 1982-11-08
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, November 8, 1982, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, T. W. Lawson, and S. E. Carter. Absent - R. C. Hubbard.

Others present were: Vic Bosiger, Bernie Procter, Bill Sherrod, Mrs. Carolyn Coleman, members of her class, (See listing in Council file) Keith Coleman, Kent Hancock, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to adopt the Agenda as presented, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Vic Bosiger appeared before Council to bring them up-to-date on the Cable System. He suggested that Council go over the proposed channels and make suggestions as to the programming needed for this area.

Mr. Bernie Procter, reported to Council on the financial cost to citizens if the Town borrows the money from the Farmers Home Administration.

Sharla Kvasnicka and Jay Stubblefield, members of Mrs. Coleman's class spoke to Council about turning on the Christmas lights. They presented Council with a petition to request Council to please turn on the lights. (see copy in Council file - November 1982).

After much discussion, Council agreed to turn the Christmas lights on, but use caution in replacing the bulbs.

Mr. S. E. Carter presented a proposal for use of the Depot until a decision can be made on the Mini-Mall. Mr. Kent Hancock and Keith Coleman were present to answer questions regarding their proposed use.

Mr. Britton reported that he and Mrs. Walton had met with the Architect on Tuesday. The Architect will be presenting the ideas to Council concerning the Mini-Mall.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council tabled Item 2, on the Agenda and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to table Item 1 on the Agenda until the December meeting and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to refer Item 4 on the Agenda to the Finance Committee and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carson, for Council to budget the work at the Ball Park for 1983, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20839
record_id: 1859
page_number: 1

