ref: reel_03_0642
date: 1981-11-09
content: Mr. Britton reported that Thomasville has again requested permission to introduce lacquer into our sewer system.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to table Item 8, until further information could be obtained, and all members voted aye.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to give Mayor Spiggle the authority to appoint a member to the Crime Prevention Program at his discretion and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to accept the proposal by May-Hines & Associates to do the survey of the corporate boundaries, with the Town personnel installing the monuments, and that we recover the monies owed to the Town in this cost proposal.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carson, an amendment was offered to the preceding motion, that the two local surveyors be asked to submit a bid proposal on the survey of the corporate boundaries and payment be made from Revenue Sharing if they are low bidders.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion and amendment carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council authorized the Mayor to appoint a Committee to carry thru with the two previous motions, and all members voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Spiggle appointed the Property Committee consisting of T. E. Conner, R. C. Hubbard, and Mr. Bass, to handle the decisions on the bid proposals for the corporate boundary surveys.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to adopt the resolution on the Sewer Improvement Project. (see copy in Council file dated November, 1981)

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Council was advised that the Tour of Thomasville was set for Thursday, November 12, 1981.

The Finance Committee meeting was set for November 18, 1981 at 7:00 P.M.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 8:35 P.M.
chunk_id: 20731
record_id: 1751
page_number: 1

