Page 2 of 2 4

May 14, 1990

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to deny the request by Mr. Patel to lower the

lodging rate, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

Mr. David Garrettt and Kent Hodges, appeared before Town
Council to discuss some of the problems they are having
at the Sewer Plant.

Mr. Proctor will meet with the designer and they in turn
will visit the plant and do some in-house testing regarding

this problem. A solution will be forthcoming.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to authorize Mayor Spiggle to sign and execute the
contract and agreements with the National Park Service.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to re-appoint Mr. Carter to the Central Virginia Planning
District Commission and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to endorse the concept of recycling and composting and
endorse the following resolution (see attached).

Mayor Spiggle was requested to check on having the grass cut
and the lot cleaned up on the Corner of Linden Street and
Burke Street owned by Mr. Ronnie Dawson.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to recess and reconvene on May 29, 1990 at 7:00 P.M..
to continue the Agenda and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Tovar Cr A geigg v010r
R. C. Spiggl

