ref: reel_03_0070
date: 1976-01-12
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 12, 1976 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, Jr., R. C. Spiggle, T. E. Conner, and Burke Guill.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The reading of the minutes was dispensed with.

Mr. Hubbard reported that the Seal Committee meeting had been held before the Council meeting. The Committee recommended that the Town adopt the Seal presented by Mrs. Emily Daugherty with one revision; that the word "peace" be substituted for "established 1845". Mr. House made the motion to accept the Committee recommendation, seconded by Mr. Hubbard. Ayes 5 Nays 0 Motion carried.

Mr. Spiggle reported the Sewer Committee will meet in the future to discuss a flow meter.

Mr. Slagle reported that there are no funds available for Depot repairs. He also reported that he is awaiting the letter authorizing funds from H.U.D. to begin the "Downtown Project."

The complaints concerning the condition of Pine Street were referred to the Committee for their recommendation.

Mr. Slagle requested permission to have the Arts & Crafts Cooperative sell the old Town tags as mementos. Council indicated its concurrence with the request.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion seconded by Mr. House to re-appoint Mr. Pack and Mr. Booth to the Appomattox County Planning Commission. Ayes 5 Nays 0 Motion carried.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion to authorize Mr. Kerr and Mr. Slagle to take the necessary steps to revise the Town Code section regarding "Drunk Driving."

It was the consensus of the Council that they would like to receive the A.B.C. Funds on a quarterly basis and they requested Mr. Slagle to write a letter to this effect.

Mr. Pack reported that Officer MacIntosh has resigned as of January 6, 1976.

The meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20281
record_id: 1301
page_number: 1

