Regular Meeting - December 14, 1992

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, December 1, 1992 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: R. W. Mitchell, S. E. Lawson,
H. W. Conner, S. E. Carter, and W. H. Carson. Absent - Bass

Others present: Bea Hudson, Jessie Carwile, Laura Richardson,
Audrey Ferguson, Virginia Babcock, Jesse Morton Rosser,
Winifred Martin, Birdie Harvey, Ed Harvey, Ben Harvey,

Gene A. Mayhugh, Angie Mayhugh, Sam Waddell, C. R. Wooldridge,
Mary Anne Wheeler, Dr. John Mathews, Reid & Margaret Shields,
Kim Bell, Cheryl Freeman, Bernard Proctor, and Bobbie Mullins.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the Agenda with one addition to New Business:
Item 6, Reprot from the Street Committee, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the minutes of the November 9, 1992, regular
meeting and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Public Comments:

Audrey Ferguson Against No Burning Ordinance
Jesse M. Rosser Work for Solutions

Ben Harvey For No Burning

Sam Waddell - Against No Burning

Cc. R. Wooldridge For Burning

Mary Anne Wheeler For Burning

Bea Hudson Limbs and sticks

Virginia Babcock Compromise

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to appoint a Committee to study the Leaf Problem and

the controversy over Leaf Burning and all those present voting»
aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle appointed the following members to serve ona
Committee to study the Leaf Problem: Margaret Shields,
Virginia Babcock, W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, and R. W. Mitchell.
Mr. Mitchell is Chairman.

Angie and Gene Mayhugh came before Town Council to protest
Council's decision to deny their request to close Lizzie Street.

On a motion by Mr. S. E. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to reconsider the request from Gene & Angie Mayhugh
to close a portion of Lizzie Street and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

145

