ref: reel_02_0401
date: 1963-09-16
content: Motion was made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, that the Street Light at Jack Caldwell's be moved from pole No. 31C and a 3300 mercury vapor light be installed on pole No. 31B. Motion carried.

Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Ivey Holland, That the Town Code be amended - Section 11-10, Parking Vehicles, etc., on State Highways, Town Streets and Alleys for Servicing, etc.; Tanks, pumps, etc., on Sidewalks or State Highways, Town Streets & Alleys. No automobile, vehicle, implement or contrivance shall be permitted to stop or park on state highways, town streets & alleys, within the Town, for the purpose of receiving service. Motion carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland seconded by H. B. Pack, that the Mayor appoint a member of the Planning Commission at large. Motion carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland, seconded by H. B. Pack, That the Mayor represent the Council on the Planning Commission. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of September 16, 1963.

Signed S. R. Lawson Mayor
Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk

SEPTEMBER MEETING
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on September 16, 1963, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Richard Wingfield, R. R. Gilbert, Burke Guill, H. B. Pack and Ivey Holland.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by Ivey Holland, seconded by K. B. Pack, That Mrs. Calvin Robinson be elected Vice-Mayor. Motion carried.

Motion was made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Burke Guill, That three signs be put up on Route 460 pointing to the Business District. Motion carried.

Motion was made by Ivey Holland seconded by Dick Wingfield, that the Town furnish Anderson Haskins town water for his new house. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of October 21, 1963.

Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk
Signed S. R. Lawson Mayor
chunk_id: 19885
record_id: 905
page_number: 1

