ref: reel_02_0508
date: 1968-02-19
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Council was held in the Council Room on February 19, 1968 at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor Henry B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, R.L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard and Martin L. Webb.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Guill reported that a request had been made to have the road bank on Oakley Avenue at Ethel Street sloped to increase the sight distance for motorists, and that Mrs. Clyde Campbell wanted to know if the Town could furnish her property with a sewer outlet. The Town Manager was instructed to check on both items.

Hubbard reported that Dr. E. C. Tutwiler III had a practically new two-way radio outfit that he would sell for $225.00. Bass moved and Holland seconded: That the Town buy it for the office & trucks. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson reported the Elliott's Florist wanted a street light on Main Street in front of his store.

Guill reported the Evans & Nash had requested street lights on Patricia Anne Lane. He was requested to check on both requests.

On the motion of Holland and second by Mrs. Robinson, a building permit was issued to Mrs. Mary P. Perry for alterations to her house on Church Street at a cost of $1000.00. Motion carried.

Mayor Pack discussed the desirability of the Appomattox County Planning Commission working on a Zoning Ordinance. Holland moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that they be requested to work on a Zoning Ordinance. Motion carried.

Mayor Pack reported that he had discussed returning Well No. 3 to Hermall, but that nothing definite had been done. Bass moved and Webb seconded that: Permission be given to return Well No. 3 to Hermallis after he has been given adequate time to make his arrangements. Motion carried.

The meeting was adjourned.
chunk_id: 19979
record_id: 999
page_number: 1

