ref: reel_02_0406
date: 1964-03-16
content: MARCH MEETING

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office, on March 16, 1964, at 7:30 P.M., with the President, Mrs. C. H. Robinson presiding.

The following members were present: H. B. Pack, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, T. R. Gilbert and Richard Wingfield.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

A motion was made by Burke Guill, seconded by T. R. Gilbert, That the Town approve according to the verbal agreement of the Ferguson Estate to reimburse the Town the cost of water and sewage in compliance with the subdivision ordinance now being drawn up by the Town Attorney to be adopted by the Town Council.

Voting for: Burke Guill, H. B. Pack, T. R. Gilbert
Voting No: Ivey Holland; not voting: Richard Wingfield
Motion carried.

Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Richard Wingfield; That the Town approve any Municipality or Political subdivision or control keeping in accordance with the Commission of Resolution of Oct. 12, 1950. Motion Carried.

Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Burke Guill; That the Town of Appomattox request the Highway Department to allocate enough funds to complete the 460 project from Church Street to the east Corporate Limits. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of April 20, 1964.

Signed S. R. Lawson Mayor
Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19890
record_id: 910
page_number: 1

