ref: reel_02_0340
date: 1958-07-21
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on July 21, 1958, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding.

The following members were present: C. C. Poe, G. E. Smith, T. Hunter Dickerson, J. C. Caldwell and G. Lewis McDearmon.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by G. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town order enough Street Name signs for all unmarked streets in Town. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, that the Street Committee be authorized to open Fleshman Street and Branch. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by C. C. Poe, that Mr. Dickerson and the Town Manager purchase Mr. Garrett three pairs of trousers and three shirts. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of August 18, 1958.

Signed T. Hunter Dickerson, Mayor
Chas. T. Moses, Jr.
Signed J. C. Caldwell, Clerk

AUGUST MEETING

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor’s Office on August 18, 1958, at 7:30 P.M., with the President, T. Hunter Dickerson presiding.

The following members were present: G. E. Smith, C. C. Poe, John S. Grinels, G. Lewis McDearmon and J. C. Caldwell.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by G. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by J. C. Caldwell, that the Town have a street light installed on Princess Ann Lane and road. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by J. C. Caldwell, that the Town open and build Ethel Street, leading off Oakleigh Ave., at a cost not to exceed $275.00, with the understanding that S. S. Sears & Co., will reimburse the Town of Appomattox the cost of this street in the event they do not erect a dwelling on this street within two (2) years. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith, seconded by J. C. Caldwell, that the Town rent Mr. E. P. Mitchell a space back of the Drug Store large enough to build a 8x10 ft. house for the sum of $5.00 per month in advance for a year, to be used as a taxi office, with the privilege of either party to cancel the agreement on a 30 days notice. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19824
record_id: 844
page_number: 1

