# REGULAR MEETING – March 08, 2004

Page 2 of 3

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the Policy Adoption Statement:

Whereas, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 requires employers to
provide a safe place to work, a place free from hazards that might cause injury,
disability or even death.

Whereas, it is the policy of the Town of Appomattox that every employee is
entitled to work under the safety conditions possible, Every reasonable effort
will be made to promote accident prevention for protection and health
preservation.

Whereas, it is our belief that accidents injure people, damage equipment or
property, or destroy materials cause needless personal suffering, inconvenience
and-expense. We believe that taking common sense precautions can prevent
most all accidents.

Therefore, be it resolved that the Town of Appomattox through its appointed |

manager will endeavor to maintain a safe and healthful work place. The Town of

Appomattox will provide safe working equipment, necessary personal protection
and in the case of injury, the appropriate first aid and medical services.

On a motion by Councilmember Carson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
Council voted to send the request of tax exempt status by the Institute for
Theonomic Reformation to the Finance Committee for review.. Al] members
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember
Bennett, Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-
3711 A,7 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of .
consultation with legal counsel regarding specific legal matters requiring the
provision of legal advice by such counsel. -

Vote: Bennett-aye, McDearmon- -aye, Mayberry-aye, Carson-aye, Mitchell Haye,
Lawson-aye.