# WORKSHOP MEETING – March 23, 2004

Page 2 of 2


WHEREAS, as a: result of the inaction by the General Assembly the Region 2000
Regional. Commission which represents the ten communities in Central Virginia re
in agreement that our elected leaders across the Commonwealth must take
responsible action regarding the adoption of a rational and realistic budget that
will adequately support the functions of government and ultimately the well
being of the citizens of Virginia.

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the communities of Central Virginia request
the following of the 2004 General Assembly: 1) Come to timely and responsible
regarding the budget issue, 2) Do not transfer any additional state responsible
costs back to the localities and acknowledge the impact of previous year cuts in
establishing future funding levels. 3) Should reimbursement reductions become

_ a part of the General Assembly budget to the localities then be specific as to
what services the General Assembly expects the local governments to cut. 4)
Provide adequate constitutionally mandated funding for state supported ~
programs including constitutional offices and education.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that should the General Assembly not resolve the
budget issue by June 30, 2004 the localities of the Central Virginia area will have
‘no choice but to close all non-law enforcement offices that are funded by the
Commonwealth and only support those programs and positions that are locally
funded. :

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember |
McDearmon, Council voted to reappoint Clifford E. Harvey to another term of the
Board of Zoning Appeals to begin April 1, 2004. All members voting aye, Motion
carried. .

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 7:53 p.m. All voting aye. Motion

carried.
Krwatel 0p aye

Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

S37.