| 198 REGULAR MEETING - SEPTEMBER 12, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, September 12, 1994, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
| presiding.

| _ Members present: R. W. Mitchell, Steve Lawson, R. L. Bass,
W. H. Carson, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter.

Others present: Karen Phelps, Wayne Phelps, Steve Conner,
Gary Goin, Greg Cheatham, Thomas Jamerson, Lynn Rogers,
John Goin, Richard Purcell, C. T. Moses, Jr., Bill Burke,
Cindy Smith, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk. .

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the Agenda as submitted and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

i The following people spoke regarding the junk yard at Phelps
Garage on Route 460. ,
Karen Phelps -

| Wayne Phelps -

| C. T. Moses, Jr.

Bill Burke -

; On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to request the Virginia Department of Highways to repair

I the sidewalk on Church Street from Highland Avenue to the corner
i of Route 460 with the Town to pay for materials, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to refer to the Street Committee a request from June
Chenault for a sidewalk and curb on High Street, and all

i, those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council

voted to adopt the resolution for Virginia Power regarding

a local serviceman to live in the County and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to adopt the resolution to go on record opposing the
abolishing of yearly state inspection of vehicles to be sent
to Governor Allen, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to grant the request of the Chamber of Commerce for a
donation to the Community of Candles for $250.00 and ail those
i present voting aye. Motion carried.
