1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, June 11, 2018 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Jonathan Garrett, Dan Puckette, Janet Hix, Appomattox
County Circuit Court Clerk; Sarah Fleet, Times Virginian Newspaper; Carrie Dungan, News &
Advance; Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive Media TV; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director;
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Janet Hix, Appomattox County Circuit Court Clerk administered the Oath of Office to Mayor
Harvey and the six (6) Council Members for their 2-year term beginning July 1, 2018.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey congratulated the Council on their successful election and is looking forward to
working with each of them over the next two (2) years.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for June 11, 2018 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adopt the Town of
Appomattox FY 2019 Capital Improvement Plan as presented.
Vote:  Aye - Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Finch, Conner, Puckette. No – none.  Motion carried
6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the Town of
Appomattox FY 2019 Annual Budget Resolution:

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL
ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2018-2019 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of Virginia,
require that the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for the budget year no
later than the date on which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2018-2019 Budget was published on May 9, 2018 and
May 16, 2018 in the Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506,
Code of Virginia, and public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on Tuesday,
May 29, 2018;

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in
General Session on June 11, 2018, does hereby approve the following General Fund
Expenditures by Category for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative Department
Professional
Police Department
Tourism Department
Fire Department
Public Works Department
Sanitation Department
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Donation/Contributions
Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

50,700.
455,725.
85,000.
88,980.
78,450.
37,000.
700,126.
101,850.
362,800.
37,750.
83,500.
 1000.
43,100.
2,125,981.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the
property tax rate at $.12 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.55 per $100.00 of
assessed value for personal property, $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value for machinery and tools,
and $.12 per $100.00 of assessed value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2018, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 61.86% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 61.86% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Public Service Corporation
Bank Stock Tax
Cigarette Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Franchise Tax
Consumption Tax
Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Zoning
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Motor Vehicle Tax
Sales Tax
Aid to Police Department (HB599)

162,000.
 100,000.
5,000.
5,000.
6,500.
 130,000.
110,000.
1,000,000.
60,000.
4,500.
7,000.
27,000.
150,000.
1,000.
9,000.
9,000.
3,500.
70,000.
42,741.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

Fire Programs
Miscellaneous
Town DMV Fees
Other Reimbursable
Transfer from Reserve
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

10,000.
1,500.
1,000.
500.
210,740.
2,125,981.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

642,742.
642,742.

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
County Water Line Maintenance
Miscellaneous
Interest
Credit Card Fees
Rental of Misc. Property
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Fund Balance
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

320,000.
10,000.
15,000.
10,500.
8,000.
45,000.
500.
4,500.
2,000.
8,000.
25,000.
194,242.
642,742.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

1,094,876.
1,094,876.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees
County Reimbursement SBR & IDA PS
Park Service Maintenance
Interest
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Beginning Balance
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

800,000.
2,500.
5,000.
77,000.
1,800.
4,000.
1,700.
202,876.
1,094,876.

SECTION X:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Internal Service Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Internal Service Department
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURE

162,700.
162,700.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Internal Service Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2018-2019;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; REVENUE BY CATERGORY:
Reserves
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE REVENUE

162,700.
162,700.

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

SECTION XII:
The salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby authorized as per the terms
of the town’s classification and merit system as approved compensation for officers and
employees for services rendered, unless hereafter otherwise provided by ordinance; provided
however, that the Town Manager is authorized to make such rearrangement of positions in the
several departments named in the Budget, in respect to officers and employees appointed by
his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the Town and after approval by Council.

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal Year
2018-2019 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section
15.2-2507, Code of Virginia; and,

SECTION XIV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year Budget for 2018-2019 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2018 and the monies necessary
to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained
as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Adopted this 11th day of June, 2018.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

Vote:   Aye – Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Finch, Conner and Puckette.  No – none.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the General
Fund, Water Fund and Sewer Fund for FY 2018-2019 for the salaries, wages and allowances set
out in said Budget as authorized per the terms of the town’s classification and merit system as
approved compensation for officers and employees for services rendered, unless hereafter
otherwise provided by ordinance; provided however, that the Town Manager is authorized to
make such rearrangement of positions in the several departments named in the Budget, in respect
to officers and employees appointed by his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the
Town and after approval by Council.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend
the budget from time to time.

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

3.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the General Fund, Water Fund and Sewer Fund for FY
2018-2019 for funding of salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby
authorized as per the terms of the town’s classification and merit system as approved
compensation for officers and employees for services rendered, unless hereafter otherwise
provided by ordinance; provided however, that the Town Manager is authorized to make such
rearrangement of positions in the several departments named in the Budget, in respect to officers
and employees appointed by his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the Town and
after approval by Council.

General Fund Expenditures
Salaries & Wages
FICA
Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

Water Fund Expenditures
Salaries & Wages
FICA
Net Increase in Budget

Water Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Fund Expenditures
Salaries & Wages
FICA
Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

$8,000.
$   612.
$8,612.

$8,612.
$8,612.

$3,665.
$   300.
$3,965.

$3,965.
$3,965.

$1,665.
$   128.
$1,793.

$1,793.
$1,793.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2019 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 11th day of June 2018.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Vote:   Aye – Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Finch, Conner and Puckette.  No – none.
Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

➢  Anticipates finalizing the contract with the architectural firm for the Historic Structures

Report on the Train Depot within the next week.

➢  The Town Economic Development Authority will be hosting a community meeting for

the downtown property owners for possible resubmission of the Downtown
Revitalization Grant on Tuesday, June 12, 2018 at 5:00 p.m. at the Visitor Information
Center.  Craig Wilson, Community Planning Partners and Doug Ellis, Department of
Housing and Community Development will be present to answer any program questions.

➢  The Kiddie Park has been reopened, however the bathrooms remain closed as they are

not finished yet.

Council Concerns:
Mrs. Puckette stated there are overgrown hedges on Lee Grant Avenue.  Mr. Elder advised
Council he would work with the property owner to have the hedges trimmed.

Mr. McDearmon apologized for wearing a hat.  He had surgery and it hasn’t completely healed
yet.

9  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 11, 2018

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council adjourned at 8:00 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

