1  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
June 26, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Council Workshop meeting on Tuesday, June 26, 2018 at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Noah Harris, Chad Millner, Susan Adams, Jonathan Garrett, Joyce Bennett,
Nina Beasley, Carlton Duck, Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary
Shanaberger, Town Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey presented Mr. McDearmon and Ms. Finch with plaques recognizing their service
on the Appomattox Town Council.

The Town Council hosted a reception for Mr. McDearmon and Ms. Finch.

Mayor Harvey thanked Frank & Patsy Thomas of the Frozen Food Locker for the wonderful
food.

Committee Reports - None

Council Concerns –
Mr. Conner asked for an update on the Kiddie Park.  Mr. Shanaberger responded that the
bathrooms are now complete and open.  The grass has been sowed at the park.  Mr. Conner
thanked staff and Mr. Jamerson for cleaning and opening the area near the park.

Mr. Shanaberger added that he, Mr. Elder, and Mr. Garrett met with Liberty Baptist Church to
discuss creating more park space on the church property near the current Kiddie Park.  Mr.
Shanaberger received an email from Pastor Rusty Small to meet again on July 26, 2018.

Staff Reports –
Mrs. Ray provided a financial summary as of May 31, 2018.

Mr. Elder reported that the 1st phase of the Inflow and Infiltration project is complete.  It is
estimated that of the 65% of lines needing Inflow and Infiltration rehabilitation the flow at the
plant has been reduced by 50%.

Mrs. Casto reminded Town Council members of the annual Virginia Municipal League
Conference in Hampton, Virginia on September 30 – October 2, 2018.

Mr. Shanaberger updated Council on the following items:

➢  The office received a request for a street light on Court Street.  Dominion Virginia Power

is estimating the cost for installation at approximately $6,500.00.  Several Council

2  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
June 26, 2018

members commented this would be a worthy cause and there is a benefit to placing the
light in this area.  Council gave consensus to table this item until the July meeting and
asked that Mr. Shanaberger check with the adjacent property owners.

➢  T-Mobile is interested in leasing property at the Town’s SBR Treatment Facility on Ethel
Street.  He received their best offer of $1,200/month, 5-year lease with renewable lease
options and $200/month for any additional carriers.  Council gave consensus they were
not interested at this time.

➢  The Experience Appomattox Holiday event will be December 1, 2018 from 9:00 a.m. –

4:00 p.m.  The Town is being asked to provide road closure and trash removal,
approximately $240.00.

➢  The architectural contract has been signed for the Historic Structures Report for the train

depot.

➢  Updated Council on the community meeting held at the Visitor’s Center for the

Downtown Revitalization Project on June 12, 2018.

➢  Informed Council that Mrs. Torrence, Office Manager will be creating “Welcome

Packages” for businesses and residents.
➢  Krikelkay Brewery will be opening soon.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

