1  Public Hearing & Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, November 29, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a public hearing and Workshop meeting on
Tuesday, November 29, 2011 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, N.H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner, and Joyce B. Bennett.

Absent:  Mary Lou Spiggle.

Others present:  Stephanie James, Troy Coker, Cliff Harvey, Carlton Duck and Alive TV
Crew, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager;
Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council and Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Public Hearing to order.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the Public Hearing:
Pursuant to §15.2-2006 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, to hear citizen
comments regarding an application presented by Bonnie S. Cunningham, Jacqueline S.
Coker, Troy Q. Coker, Edward D. Austin, Jr., Leslie C. Austin to close a certain parcel of
real estate, referred to as Lizzie Street (no open).  This “street” has never been opened or
paved and exists only as a drawing upon a plat of survey founded recorded in the Office
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia in Deed Book 24, Page
184, and as shown on Plat of Survey by Elizabeth R. Rosser dated October 13, 2011.

No public comments.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner,
Council voted to adjourn the Public Hearing at 7:10 p.m.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

Mayor Harvey called the workshop meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the closing of an unopened portion of Lizzie Street.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Update on the Task Force for Local Government Mandate Review Summary
Mr. Gillespie gave an update of the Task Force for Local Government Mandate Review
Summary.  A letter of support will be drafted by staff and sent on behalf of the Town.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – Mr. McDearmon reported the committee discussed the Zoning
Ordinance and will continue to discuss it at the next meeting.

2  Public Hearing & Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, November 29, 2011

Physical Development – Mr. Mayberry reported the committee discussed the items from
the retreat.

Staff Updates

Town Manager – None

Treasurer – Ms. Wilkes confirmed with Council it was ok to mail the New Water Policy.

Clerk of Council – Ms. Paulette reminded Council of the Planning Commission Public
Hearing on Tuesday, December 13, 2011 at 6:00 p.m. at the County Board Room.

Council Concerns

Mayor Harvey asked if the security system had been discussed anymore.  Mr. Gillespie
stated he and Jeff Elder would have a conference call with the company sometime in the
next week.  If they are satisfied the system will be implemented in both parks.

Ms. Bennett commended the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Department for their efforts
in helping her with a problem she had at her residence.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

