1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 24, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, June 24, 2014 at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T.
Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others:  Janet Hix, David Hix, Austin Robertson, Alive Media TV; Bill Gillespie, Jr., Town
Manager, and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Janet A. Hix, Appomattox County Circuit Court Clerk performed the swearing in ceremony for
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor and Council Members Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, Claudia G. Puckette.  Mr. McDearmon was absent and will be
sworn in at a later date.  Mrs. Hix thanked Council for the opportunity to administer the oath of
elected officials.

On a motion by Council Member Puckette, seconded by Council Member Spiggle, Council voted
to adopt the following resolution:

1.

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2014 Operating Budget for the
General Fund for FY 2013-2014 CIP projects currently in progress; including Depot
repairs, sidewalk replacement, security upgrades, and paving

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2014 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2013-2014 CIP projects
currently in progress; including Depot repairs, sidewalk replacement, security upgrades, and
paving

General Fund Expenditures
Town Office
Public Works
Property Maintenance & Construction
Net Increase in Budget

  $   7,500
  $ 88,000
  $ 33,130
 $128,630.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 24, 2014

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

 $128,630
 $128,630.

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2014 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Amended this 24th day of June 2014.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry –aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –aye.
Absent:  McDearmon.
Motion carried 5-0.

Report from the Priority and Initiatives Chairs:

Communications – Mrs. Claudia G. Puckette:
Ms. Puckette reported that she is working to form the communication committee.  She is also
planning to invite Hollie Cammarasana, Director of Communications from VML Insurance
programs to a council meeting.

Relationships/Managed Growth – Mr. Steve T. Conner:
Mr. Conner - none

Infrastructure – Mr. N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry:
Mr. Mayberry reported that the Infrastructure Committee met last Wednesday, June 19, 2014 to
discuss blighted properties.  The committee will meet again at a later date.

Garden Spot – Ms. Mary Lou Spiggle:
Ms. Spiggle provided another update of the ROSE committee’s progress.

Finance – Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.:
Mr. McDearmon reported that he had met with Town Manager and Treasurer regarding reserves,
meals tax and the cigarette tax.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 24, 2014

Water Park – Mr. Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett:
Mr. Garrett reported that he is looking through information from Roanoke.  He is looking into a
small feasibility study after July 1, 2014.  Mr. Gillespie made contact with the architect from
Splash Valley.

Standing Committee Updates:
Finance & Planning – no report

Physical Development Committee:
Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met earlier in the evening and discussed the following
topics:  Hardee’s, Murphy Oil, burnt house on Sunnydale Avenue, Brod Pack’s building,
boundary line adjustment/public hearing on July 14, 2014, blighted property committee report,
the Planning Commission and Comprehensive Plan, EDA incentives and performance
agreement, update on cell site rental sale and the proposed chicken ordinance.

Staff Member Updates:
Town Clerk – none

Town Treasurer – none

Town Manager – none

Council Concerns:
Council Member Puckette expressed her gratitude to the Middle School students who wrote
letters to the Town Council.  Mayor Harvey concurred and stated that the letters were well
thought out.

On a motion by Council Member Mayberry, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:20 p.m. with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

