1   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, February 13, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, February
13, 2012 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others Present:  Sammy Carter, Cliff Harvey, Claudia Puckett, Nina Beasley, Boy Scout
Troop 546, Stephanie James, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Stacey Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk
of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the Consent Agenda for February 13, 2012.  All member present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business
None

New Business

INVEST IN KIDS DAY PROCLAMATION:
Mayor Harvey read the following proclamation:

PROCLAMATION

INVEST IN KIDS DAY

WHEREAS, in the Commonwealth of Virginia, one out of seven children will enter
kindergarten unprepared; and

WHEREAS, research indicates that a kindergarten-ready child is more likely to not
repeat a grade and to graduate from high school.  Additionally, children who thrive in
the first five years are less likely to need remediation, special education or abuse alcohol
and drugs; and

WHEREAS, as adults, they are more likely to achieve their earning potential, have
health coverage and avoid costly medical conditions; and

2   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, February 13, 2012

WHEREAS, the “Smart Beginnings” plan for Virginia’s children was created in 2007
with the goal of ensuring that all children enter kindergarten health and ready to learn.
“Smart Beginnings” communities agree to collaborate across public and private sectors
including K-12 education, early care and education, health, local government, family
support agencies, social services, high education and the business community to make
this happen; and

WHEREAS, it is critical to the well-being of the Appomattox community and to every
community to invest in Smart Beginnings of all children.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia do
hereby proclaim Tuesday, February 22, 2012 as

INVEST IN KIDS DAY

Furthermore, I encourage parents, educators, business leaders and other to invest in kids
by investing in “Smart Beginnings Central Virginia.”

*****

RESOLUTION COMMEMORATING THE 102ND BIRTHDAY OF THE BOY
SCOUTS OF AMERICA:
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council approved the following Resolution Commemorating the 102nd Birthday of the
Boy Scouts of America.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

RESOLUTION COMMEMORATING THE 102ND BIRTHDAY
OF THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA

WHEREAS, the Boy Scouts of America have been a long standing organization
dedicated to the spiritual, social, and physical growth in young men from the ages 11 to
18, and

WHEREAS, the Boy Scouts of America have for over a century taught young men the
meaning of patriotism, love of county, and respect for those who have provided the
freedom’s they enjoy today, and

WHEREAS, the Scout Oath provides a picture of the goals a Scout is always striving to
achieve such as doing their best in their duty to God and country, helping others at all
times, and keeping themselves physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight,
and

WHEREAS, the Scout Law provides the character traits that all Scouts strive for as a
part of their every day life in that they will always be trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly,
courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, and reverent, and

3   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, February 13, 2012

WHEREAS, on February 8, 2012 the Boy Scouts of America celebrated their 102nd
birthday as they continue to instill the principles of Scouting in young men across this
great country.

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that on this 13th day of February, 2012, the Town of
Appomattox does hereby congratulate the Boy Scouts of America on their 102nd birthday
and sincerely extend its deepest appreciation for their contribution to the lives of the
young men all across this nation over these last 102 years.

BE IT ALSO RESOLVED that the Town of Appomattox is proud to be associated with
Troop 546, which is based here in Appomattox, as our local ambassador representing the
Boy Scouts of America.

*****

RESOLUTION – SUPPORT OF AN EXTENSION OF THE MIDLAND TRAIL:
On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle,
Council voted to approve the following resolution:
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Resolution in support of an extension of the Midland Trail, as a National Scenic
Byway, into Virginia

WHEREAS, the West Virginia Byways Program strives to recognize, interpret, enhance,
and preserve the intrinsic qualities of West Virginia byway corridors, with eleven State-
designated Byways, ten State-designated Backways and four nationally -designated
Byways, in place within the State of West Virginia.

WHEREAS, the State of West Virginia, West Virginia Department of Transportation and
the West Virginia Division of Tourism recognizes that Byway designated funding has
provided millions of dollars to enhance and promote significant historical, cultural, and
visitor service sites along West Virginia roadways, attracting multitudes of visitors and
making a significant economic impact through tourism.

WHEREAS, 119 miles of West Virginia roadway was designated as Midland Trail
National Scenic Byway on June 15, 2000, resulting in a significant economic impact
specifically to the communities along the Midland Trail.

WHEREAS, the Midland Trail Association of West Virginia – National Scenic Byway
organization recognizes that the Midland Trail historical route (Route 60) extends into
Virginia, and furthermore identifies a goal of having the route in Virginia designated as
a National Scenic Byway within its Corridor Management Plan.

WHEREAS, there are more than 3,400 miles of roads designated as Virginia Byways, and
to recognize and preserve Virginia’s scenic, cultural, and historic resources, and help

4   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, February 13, 2012

attract visitors and support economic development through tourism, the Virginia
Department of Transportation (VDOT), the Virginia Tourism Corporation (VTC), the
Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) and the Commonwealth
Transportation Board (CTB), encourage local governments to nominate roads that meet
the program criteria for Virginia Byway designation.

WHEREAS, there is an active effort to nominate the Virginia Midland Trail as a National
Scenic  Byway – extension of the West Virginia Midland Trail, by various Virginia
localities and organizations, facilitated by and with guidance from the Virginia Tourism
Corporation, Virginia Department of Transportation, and Virginia Department of
Conservation and Recreation.

WHEREAS, the United States Secretary of Transportation recognizes certain roads
(including multi-state) as All-American Roads or National Scenic Byways based on one
or more archeological, cultural, historic, natural, scenic and recreational qualities.

WHEREAS, The National Scenic Byways Program is part of the U.S. Department of
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, and the program is a grass-roots
collaborative effort established to help recognize, preserve and enhance selected roads
throughout the United States.

WHEREAS, since 1992, the National  Scenic Byways Program has provided funding for
over 2,900 projects in 50 states and 1,500 state and nationally designated byway projects
in 48 states.

WHEREAS, the Blue Ridge Parkway is designated as an All-American Road, providing
visitors with the opportunity to learn the history and experience the culture of the entire
multi-state region in which the Parkway meanders, while making a significant economic
impact on the State of North Carolina and Commonwealth of Virginia, and serving as an
example of a multi-state byway initiative by which the Midland Trail may follow.

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the Town of Appomattox expresses its support for
the Midland Trail (Route 60) of Virginia to be designated as a Virginia Byway, and
formally recognized as the Midland Trail, through the County of Appomattox, and
throughout the Commonwealth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox
expresses its support for Midland Trail (Route 60) to be designated as a National Scenic
Byway and extension of the already designated Midland Trail– National Scenic Byway.

FINALLY BE IT RESOLVED that the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox fully
supports the effort to have the Midland Trail (Route 60) of Virginia designated as a
Virginia Byway and National  Scenic Byway, and extension of the already designated
Midland Trail– National Scenic Byway in West Virginia, resulting in a multi-state
National Scenic Byway.

*****

5   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, February 13, 2012

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Bennett, Council
voted to adopt the Water Line Maintenance Agreement between Appomattox County and
the Town of Appomattox and authorize Mayor Harvey to execute the agreement.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to amend the Accounts Receivable Policy – Water and Sewer Bills.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.  (Amended water/sewer policy attached)

Citizen Comment Period
Sammy Carter addressed Council praising them for their vision of the Town.  The
teamwork shown by this Council is second to none.

Council Concerns
Council was reminded to call on the House of Delegates to oppose the elimination of the
Machinery & Tools tax.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn the meeting at 8:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

___________________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

