ref: reel_02_0628
date: 1972-12-11
content: AND WHEREAS, This residential subdivision must conform to the Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance;

AND WHEREAS, In order to conform to the Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance the Town of Appomattox must either construct approximately two hundred (200) feet of street, or bond to construct, or resolve to construct same,

NOW BE IT RESOLVED, That the Town of Appomattox will construct this approximately 200 feet of street if and when needed for future development.

Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported that there would be a seminar held on December 11, 1972 in Richmond. This seminar would benefit local officials in administering the revenue sharing program. Conner made the motion and Guill seconded that Mr. Slagle attend.

The use of a stamp machine was discussed but was shelved until the next meeting so it could be checked into further.

Mr. Guill requested that a Street light be approved on Lee-Grant Avenue below Mrs. Edna Blackwell.

Mr. Slagle reported that he had drawn up a new vacation policy based on the State policy. The state policy was revised and tailored to fit the Town's needs. Holland made the motion and Guill seconded to shelve it until the next meeting.

Mr. Slagle also reported of the Town's need for a regular custodian service for the rooms in the Municipal Building. It was decided to check into this further and decide at the next meeting.

It was decided by the Council to include Lucy Street in the streets that the Town has requested the Highway Department to surface treat. Conner made the motion and Guill seconded.

The meeting was adjourned but then called back to order to consider raising the cost of the Town tag from $5.00 to $10.00. Mr. Holland made the motion to raise the cost to $10.00 and Mrs. Robinson seconded.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed A. B. Pack
Signed B. H. Mullins Clerk
B. H. Mullins
chunk_id: 20098
record_id: 1118
page_number: 1

