1   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, September 10, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, September
10, 2012 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others Present:  Ben Cates, News & Advance; Benny Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Chad
Millner, Barbara Shelton, Ms. Franklin, Rev. Rodney Longmire, Carlton Duck and Alive
TV Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William
Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed everyone.

Rev. Rodney Longmire led the invocation.

Rev. Rodney Longmire also led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey stated his disappointment in the vote by the Board of Supervisors not
accept the Town’s plan to extend sewer in the county in the area of economic
development (460 Corridor).

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of September 10, 2012   All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business -
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to cancel the September 25, 2012 Council Workshop Meeting.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner reiterated Mayor Harvey’s comments regarding the sewer project with the
Board of Supervisors but we didn’t get an answer.  We have things that need to be done
for the citizens that live in town now.  We need to make a decision and move on with the
sewer area we proposed to the county or we need to do what takes care of what we
already have.  We needed the area in the town because we are using the town citizen’s
money.  We unfortunately didn’t get an answer period.  We need to move in a timely
manner so we don’t catch inflation.

2   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, September 10, 2012

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:37 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

___________________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk of Council

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

