ref: reel_03_0222
date: 1977-06-13
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 13, 1977 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Pack presiding.

Members present were Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, Jr., and R. C. Spiggle.

Also present were Dr. Jim May and Bill Berkley of May Hines and Associates.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read with one correction, Longwood Students instead of V. P. I. Students.

Dr. Jim May gave a status report on the Water Storage Facilities and the contracts that were awarded.

Mr. Guill made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to authorize T. E. Brown Construction Company to proceed with the base contract on the access road which includes clearing and grubbing only; and approved Change Order #1 for raising the surface road to Subdivision Standards provided Mr. Burruss sends his check or letter or credit.

Conner- Aye     Spiggle- Aye
Guill- Aye         Hubbard- Aye     House- Aye

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. House, with all members voting aye, to require Flippo's to prepare the proper insurance papers and also give them permission to proceed on July 18, 1977 if they do so.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. House, with all members voting aye, to authorize May-Hines & Associates to prepare plans and specifications on bringing the access road up to Subdivision Standards providing Mr. Burruss sends his check or a letter of credit.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard with all members voting aye, to request a 60 day extension on the water line from George E. Jones Company.

Mr. Bill Berkley brought Council up-to-date on the acquisition of the McDearmon property.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Guill, to authorize payment to T. E. Brown Construction Company for their additional costs, in the amount of $11,223.85, per the attached copy. Motion carried.

Conner- Aye     Spiggle- Aye
Guill- Aye         Hubbard- Aye     House- Aye

Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. House, to pay T. E. Brown Construction Company for the original contract in the amount of $39,575.93.

Conner- Aye     House- Aye
Guill- Aye         Hubbard- Aye     Spiggle- Aye

Mr. Pack discussed the Downtown Project with Council.
chunk_id: 20413
record_id: 1433
page_number: 1

