ref: reel_03_0223
date: 1977-01-01
content: Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to turn Harrell Street over to the Highway Department as a part of our annual allotment for Fiscal Year 76/77. (See attached copy). Conner-aye Guill-aye Spiggle-aye Hubbard-aye House-aye. On a motion by Mr. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to use the balance of this year's allotment on Route 1009. (See attached copy). Conner-aye Guill-aye Spiggle-aye Hubbard-aye House-aye On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Guill, to adopt the following resolution concerning the C. S. McDearmon Estate Property: (See attached copy). Conner-aye Guill-aye Spiggle-aye Hubbard-aye House-aye Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, to authorize May-Hines and Associates to redesign Harrell Street, all members voting aye. Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Guill, the following resolution was adopted: WHEREAS the Town of Appomattox has received a federal grant for the construction and improvements of an alley/street, known as Harrell Street in the Town of Appomattox; and WHEREAS, it is a necessary part of this project and the general long range improvements of Downtown Appomattox to acquire certain parcels of land, and WHEREAS, the Farmers National Bank is the owner of certain Parcels 'A' '1' '2' and '4', and the Town of Appomattox has agreed to the purchase in fee simple, these said Parcels being designated on certain plats of survey made by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated January 25, 1977, and revised June 3, 1977, and Parcel 'A' designated on a plat of survey by Ralph P. Hines, C.L.S., dated October 1, 1975, revised May 17, 1976, revised April 21, 1977 and recorded in Plat Book 2, Page 9. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox acquire Parcels 'A' '1' '2' and '4' in fee simple, from Farmers National Bank in order to implement the improvements to Harrell Street. Conner-aye Spiggle-aye Guill-aye House-aye Hubbard-aye Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to adopt the following resolution: WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, Inc., a Municipal Corporation has undertaken certain improvements in the Town of Appomattox in regard to Harrell Street, and WHEREAS, it is a necessary part of this project to acquire in fee simple, a certain parcel of realty owned by Continental Telephone Company of Virginia, for the implementation of said project; and
chunk_id: 20414
record_id: 1434
page_number: 1

