ref: reel_02_0463
date: 1967-06-19
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held on June 19, 1967, at 7:30 P.M. in the Council Room with Vice Mayor, Mrs. Calvin Robinson presiding. Members present were R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard and R. L. Wingfield. The meeting was opened with a prayer. 
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved. Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon appeared before the Council to request that he be allowed to connect a trailer park to the Town sewer on Lombardy Street with one tap, and that tap fees for the trailer to the sewer and water lines be paid only one time. The request was referred to the Water & Sewer Committee for recommendations and report at the next Council meeting. 
Guill reported that his committee has approved a street light on Lee-Grant Avenue and one on High Street. The exact locations are to be made later. 
A request from J. E. Sears & Co. for Town water at their subdivision on the south side of Highway No. 64 was discussed. 
Bass moved and Wingfield seconded: To give J. E. Sears & Co. authority to connect to the Town water line on South Church Street at the Town limits with a line to run into and through the streets of their subdivision; and the lines are to be constructed according to the Town specifications. J. E. Sears & Co. are to furnish all labor and material and construct the lines. When the lines are completed in accordance with the Town specifications, J. E. Sears & Co. will deed the lines to the Town at no cost to the Town. Upon acceptance of the deed by the Town, the Town will maintain the water lines. Motion carried by 4 votes and 1 not voting. 
Bass moved and Guill seconded: That the Town extend the water line on South Church Street to the Town limits. Motion carried by 4 votes for and 1 not voting. 
Holland moved and Hubbard seconded: That the Town rent a radar for 11 months with the privilege of buying it, with the rental applying to the purchase price, provided the radar meets with the approval of the Judge of the Mayor's Court. Motion Carried. 
Building permits were approved for H. T. Nash for an addition to his house on Sunnydale Ave. for $2500.00, and for Wallace G. Haley to build a miniature golf course on Lee Street with a building costing $250.00. 
The problem of limited parking space on Church Street in front of the County Library was referred to the Street Committee. 
Bass moved and Hubbard seconded: That two way traffic be allowed on Atwood Street between Church Street and Lee Street. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19946
record_id: 966
page_number: 1

