ref: reel_02_0440
date: 1966-09-19
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on September 19, 1966 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding and C. S. Booth as clerk.

The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Burke Guilli, R. L. Bass, R. L. Wingfield, Ivey Holland and R. C. Hubbard.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last regular and special meetings were read and approved.

The Mayor reported that Mrs. C. K. Hunter had offered to deed the Town sufficient land in front of her house for a sidewalk to be built in accordance with the State Highway specifications provided the Town would pay for a walk from the street to her porch. The Council instructed the Mayor to complete the deed.

A discussion was held on the parking on Church Street in front of Mr. R. C. Moore's house. Mr. Guilli recommended that a 'No Parking' sign be put up there. The Council agreed.

The Mayor reported that the water situation is about the same; that a new well has been started on the T. E. Martin lot; and that the Consulting Engineers are designing a new booster pump.

Mr. Hubbard reported that the addressograph had been bought and is being used; that chain link fences have been erected around Well No. 5 lot and the Sewage Treatment Plant. He said that the Town needs another tractor and mowing equipment.

Holland moved and Hubbard seconded: That a new fence be built around the Imhoff tank. Motion carried.

Wingfield moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That the old Ice plant building owned by the Town be torn down next spring, as it is in very poor condition and is a possible fire hazard that could ruin the pumps in Well No. 5 - and interrupt the use of Well No. 5. Motion carried.

After a discussion on buying a new tractor the Property Committee was instructed to investigate the matter and report back.

Wingfield moved and Hubbard seconded: That a chain link fence be built around the Well No. 2 lot with it set 3 ft in on the property 3 feet to allow moving on the outside. Motion carried.

Mr. Bass reported that a good used 1-1/2 ton truck with 1000 gallon capacity can be bought from Appomattox Hardware Co. for $650.00. Wingfield moved and Hubbard seconded that the Town join with the County and buy the truck, the Town pay one half. Motion carried.

The Mayor discussed the desirability of equipping the fire trucks with 2-way radios.

Mr. Bass recommended that the sewer pump house on Annie Street be torn down as soon as possible. He also recommended, and the Council agreed with him, that fees for sewer and water connections be billed after connections are made.
chunk_id: 19924
record_id: 944
page_number: 1

