1  Joint Public Hearing

Tuesday, July 28, 2009

At the Joint Public Hearing of the Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox County Planning
Commission held on July 28, 2009 at 6:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal
Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey,
presiding and Council members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams.  Absent were Karl E. Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-
Scruggs.  The Appomattox County Planning Commission members present were George
Almond, Marvin Mitchell, Barry Morris, Peter Zdgiegloski, Calvin Tanner, Kevin O’Brien,
Steve Conner, Susan Hudson and Michael Wirth.  Absent:  Earl Dickerson.

Also in attendance were Chad Millner, Nina Beasley, Stephanie James, Cliff Harvey, Barbara
Shelton, Mary Lou Spiggle, Joyce Bennett, Carlton Duck, Carla Moore, Town Treasurer; Bart S.
Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order on behalf of the Town Council and read the
purpose of the hearing:

An Ordinance to Amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 195, to add a new
section entitled Article XIII thereof, entitled “Sign Ordinance”

Intent:
It is the intent of the sign ordinance to promote the public necessity, convenience, general
welfare and good zoning practice by regulating the placement, height and size of signs.
The goals of the sign ordinance are to provide sign requirements that will prevent visual
blight, clutter, and impairment to sight lines of vehicular traffic and the obscuring of
other permitted signs that result from the unregulated placement of signs while ensuring
public safety and promoting the Town of Appomattox as a great place to live and work.

It is not the intent of the sign ordinance or the Town of Appomattox to suppress any free
speech activities protected under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.

Mr. Almond called the public hearing to order on behalf of the Appomattox County Planning
Commission.

There were no comments at the public hearing.

The public hearing was closed at 6:45 pm by Mayor Harvey and Mr. Almond.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

