ref: reel_03_0273
date: 1977-12-12
content: A public hearing was held on December 12, 1977 at the Appomattox Town Office at 7:30 P.M. to discuss new ordinances concerning the Water and Sewage Charges; and changes in the Real Estate and Personal Property Tax rates.

The new charges are as follows:

1. The new Real Estate Tax will be $0.30 on every one hundred dollars of the assessed values of said real estate at 100% of appraised value of said real estate. Personal property will be assessed at the same rate.

2. Water Usage Charges in Town: Minimum charge $6.50 for usage up to 4,000 gallons; overage at $0.90 per 1,000 gallons.

Out of Town: Minimum charge, $15.00 for usage up to 4,000 gallons; overage at $1.00 per 1,000 gallons.

3. Sewerage Rates: For In Town Customers: 25% of water bill, to be billed with each water billing period.

For Out of Town Customers: $0.38 per one hundred dollars of assessed valuation of property. To be billed once a year, as in the past.

Council members present were T. E. Conner, R. L. Bass, M. J. House, Jr., R. C. Spiggle, R. C. Hubbard, and Mayor H. B. Pack. Also present were W. R. Britton, Jr. and Clerk, Mrs. R. W. Mullins.

Concerned citizens present were:

Wallace Clair
S. B. Waddell
James Beaty
Katherine Sears
A. R. Harwood, Jr.
Jack Caldwell

Willie J. Mayberry
Carl Almond
Nellie Almond
Addie C. Ould
Katherine Weatherly
Thomas W. Lawson

Richard Wingfield
Ben Marshall
Tony E. Mann
Ivey Holland
C. Lewis McDearmon

Mayor Pack opened the floor for citizen opinion and input on the proposed Real Estate Tax Rate.

Mr. A. R. Harwood, Jr. was the first citizen to give his opinion. He explained his taxes would be going up 83% at the new 30 cents on $100 rate. He felt this to be an unfair tax rate.

Mr. Ben Marshall gave his opinions on the proposed tax rate. His taxes would be going up 67%. Mr. Marshall feels this tax rate is an unfair burden to the people and the budget needs to be cut.

Mr. Wallace Clair, Commission on the Aging, was concerned with the new rate and if it would cause the taxes of older citizens to go up because of energy saving improvements being made to their homes.

Mr. Ivey Holland, representing J. E. Sears & Co., INC., presented his views on the tax increase.

Mr. Dick Wingfield asked some pertinent questions concerning the old tax rate as compared to the new tax rate.

Mr. Tony Mann asked to have some points clarified on the new proposed tax rate.
chunk_id: 20456
record_id: 1476
page_number: 1

