# PUBLIC MEETING – July 22, 2003

Page 2 of 3

BOQ

Committee Reports:
Property & Street Committee: Reports they have looked into the request by John Spiggle

on Lee Grant Avenue near Liberty Cemetery. The committee agrees something needs to
be done, but they are unsure of the placement. David Garrett will discuss location and
price with Dominion Power and contact the committee.

No other committee reports.

Old Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Joyce Bennett, seconded by N. H. Mayberry, Council voted to cancel the

July workshop meeting, The next Town Council meeting will be Monday, August 11,
2003 at 7:30 p.m.

-On a motion made by S. E. Lawson, seconded by M. H. Mitchell, Council voted to award

the bid for the Jones Street and Confederate Boulevard water line extension, service
connections and fire hydrant upgrade to George E. Jones & Sons, Inc. for $98,000.00.
All voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by N. H. Mayberry, seconded by S. E. Lawson, Council voted: to table
the request for a monetary donation by the Reenactment Committee until the August 11,
2003 Council meeting. All voting aye. Motion carried.

On.a motion made by N. H. Mayberry, seconded by C. L. McDearmon, Council voted to
amend and reenact Section 2-162.1 of the Town Code with changes to Item 1, subsection
Aand B. All voting aye. Motion carried,

On a motion made by N, H. Mayberry, seconded by C. L. McDearmon, Council voted to
authorize the Mayor’s signature on the FY 2004 Police Agreement between the Town
and County for $80,000.00. All voting aye. Motion carried.

The Town Council concurred with the use of the Kiddie Park for the purpose of a
Wedding and Reception on August 2, 2003 from 10 am to 4 pm provided the applicant
Robin Heater adheres to all state and local laws.

On a motion made by N. H. Mayberry, seconded by Joyce Bennett, Council voted to
adopt the VIC plan and implement August 1, 2003, All voting aye. Motion carried.