Joint Meeting – December 5, 2005

A Joint Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on Monday, December 5, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center on Park Lane, Appomattox, Va.

Members present –

Appomattox Town Council:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Joyce Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John L. Wilson, Steven E. Lawson, Marvin H. Mitchell, Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor.

Board of Supervisors:  Samuel E. Carter, W. H. Craft, Shawn Armburst, Tom Conrad

Russell Moore.

Others present:  Johnny Overstreet, County Attorney; David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager; Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator; Marvin Hamlett and Chad Millner, Times Virginian Newspaper; Zack Smith, News and Advance; John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator; Anne Dixon, Director of Parks/Recreation/Tourism; Barry Watkins, Appomattox County and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

Chairman Carter called the board meeting to order.

Mayor Spiggle called the council meeting to order.

Vice Mayor Mitchell gave an invocation.

Anne Dixon appeared before each governing body to give an overview of the areas of tourism her department has been working on over the last 12 months.  (see attachment)

The question was asked of Mrs. Dixon, is she could see one thing that needed to happen in the area of tourism, what would it be – and her response was a very outgoing, energetic person to market and sell our area.

David Garrett advised the board of the Town’s recent efforts regarding tourism.

Mayor Spiggle commented that the Town would like to have some financial assistance from the County if available to offset the funds needed to pay a Tourism Director and the Town would appreciate the County’s blessing in their Tourism efforts.

Mr. Garrett also advised the board that the Town would be applying for the Battlefield Protection grant for the third time.  The Town has been unsuccessful in obtaining the grant thus far.

Mr. Garrett also briefed the board and council of the on-going efforts of the Alternate Water Source Study with Campbell County Service Authority and Draper Aden.

Page 2 of 2

Joint Meeting – December 5, 2005

Mr. Garrett also discussed with the board Council’s desire to renovate the Town Office and would like to know if the board would like the Town to consider it’s needs during the renovation process.  David will provide the cost estimates to Aileen when available.

Mrs. Ferguson advised the board and council that the intended start date for the E911 will be between May 2006 and mid-summer 2006.  The E911 center is now open in the old Circuit Court Clerk’s Office and she invited everyone to stop by and see the facility.

Mrs. Ferguson also advised that the new animal shelter should be open within the next month.

Mrs. Ferguson reported that the landfill has submitted the permitting application for a new cell.  They await an answer from the state.

Mrs. Ferguson also reported that Appomattox, Amherst and Nelson Counties have attempted an agreement for a Regional Jail, however Nelson County has opted to stay in the Albemarle/Charlottesville Regional Jail system.  Appomattox will now seek with Amherst an agreement with the Blue Ridge Regional Jail system.

With no further business to come before the board, they adjourned.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC				Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

Town Clerk
