# REGULAR MEETING – December 12, 2005

The Appomattox Town Council met in regular session on Monday, December 12, 2005 at 7:30 p.m. at the Municipal Building on Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present:  Joyce B. Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Marvin H. Mitchell, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John L. Wilson, Steven E. Lawson.

Others present:  Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Jeffrey H. Elder, Utility Director, Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council, Reed Johnson, Superintendent, National Park Service, Derek Norfield, Alive TV, Carlton Duck, Alive TV, Chad Millner, Times Virginian and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.  Charlie Watts arrived at 8:15 p.m.

Mayor Spiggle called the regular meeting of December 12, 2005 to order.

Mayor Spiggle gave an invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Wilson, Council voted to approve the Council Agenda of December 12, 2005 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

There was no public to comment.

Appearances –

Gary Christie, Executive Director of Region 2000 Local Government Council appeared before Council asking endorsement of a Resolution supporting the development of a source water supply plan.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council voted to table the resolution presented by the Region 2000 Local Government Council until the December 27, 2005 Workshop Meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Reed Johnson, Superintendent, National Park Service appeared before council asking endorsement of the traffic calming concept as part of the larger effort to enhance and promote tourism and citizen recreation in the Town and County of Appomattox.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Wilson, Council voted to accept the letter from Superintendent Reed Johnson endorsing through formal resolution the traffic calming concept and pedestrian trail concept on State Route 24 as it passes through the National Historical Park.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

## Standing Committee Reports:

## Street & Property Committee:

On a recommendation by Councilmember Lawson, Chairman, the Town will ask Appomattox County Board of Supervisors if they are interested in participating in the renovation process downstairs at the Town Office Building, if so, also asking the County to share in the cost of $1800 to provide diagrams and plans for the renovations.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to reappoint Barry Morris as a Town Representative to the Appomattox County Planning Commission.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to approve an agreement between the Town of Appomattox and the Commonwealth of Virginia, VDOT for water and sanitary sewer adjustment located on State Route 641, Church Street by adding Section 3, paragraph B which approval should not be reasonably withheld, as recommended by the Town Attorney.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 3 of the Code of Virginia (1950) as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real property, where discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining position or negotiating strategy of the public body, such property being property for a welcome center.

Vote: Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, Mitchell – not present (in the room), McDearmon – aye, Wilson – aye, Lawson – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, Mitchell – aye, McDearmon – aye, Wilson – aye, Lawson – aye.

Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to adjourn at 9:08 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC				Ronald C. Spiggle,

Town Clerk						Mayor
