WORKSHOP MEETING – DECEMBER 27, 2005

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Meeting on Tuesday, December 27, 2005 following the public hearing scheduled for 7:00 p.m. at the Municipal Building on 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Marvin Mitchell, Vice-Mayor, presiding.

Members present:  N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Marvin H. Mitchell, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John L. Wilson, Steven E. Lawson, Joyce Bennett (arrived at 7:30 p.m.).

Others present:  Chad Millner, Times Virginian; Zack Smith, News & Advance; Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive TV; David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager; Frank A. Wright, Jr. and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

Marvin Mitchell opened the workshop meeting.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to adopt Section 62-37 Personal Property Tax Relief of the Code of the Town of Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Absent – Bennett.  Motion carried.

## On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to approve the resolution for the Water Supply Planning as presented by Region 2000 Local Government Council as follows:

RESOLUTION

Whereas, the Virginia General Assembly has mandated the development of source water supply plans throughout the Commonwealth and the State Water Control Board has developed regulations to implement this planning process, and

Whereas, Based upon these regulations the Town of Appomattox is required to complete a water supply plan that fulfills the regulations by November 2, 2010, and

Whereas, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality has announced the availability of grant funds to assist localities offset some of the costs related to the development of these plans and are encouraging localities to submit applications for grant funds using regional water supply plans, and

Whereas, the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council has offered to coordinate a planning study to examine the feasibility of the development of a regional water supply plan, develop a scope of work for such a project and to see grant funds from DEQ to offset the cost of this review, and

Whereas, regional water supply planning is a sensible approach to developing a water supply plan since watershed boundaries do not follow political boundaries and since there will likely be cost savings to all jurisdictions participating, and

Whereas, the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council has previously managed the development of successful regional plans and is a logical entity to organize and manage a regional water supply planning process, and

Whereas, the Town of Appomattox desire to participate in a regional water supply plan feasibility study that will develop a scope of work for a regional water supply plan and desire to secure DEQ grant funds to help offset the cost of the scope of work development.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Town of Appomattox authorized Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council to develop an application for source water planning grant funds and to perform a feasibility study and to develop a scope of work for a regional source water supply plan which will meet mandated regulations and provide long range perspective on the needs and opportunities of the region’s future water supply, and

It is resolved that David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager is authorized to sign appropriate documents related to the source water planning grant and the regional source water supply plan on behalf of the Town of Appomattox, and

It is further resolved that the Town of Appomattox intends to provide up to $269 in matching funds for the project if the grant is awarded.

Vote:  Lawson – aye, McDearmon – aye, Mayberry – aye, Wilson – no, Bennett – absent.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to approve the job description for the Tourism Director.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to table item #5 – Consideration to share in the cost of gift cards for the volunteers at the Visitor’s Center until the January 9, 2006 Council Meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and briefings by staff members pertaining to actual litigation, where such consultation and briefing would adversely affect the negotiating or litigating posture of the public body, such litigation being the lawsuit currently pending in the Appomattox County Circuit Court on behalf of the Town against Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. and John, Mirmiran and Thompson.

Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Wilson – aye, Lawson – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business mattes as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this council.

Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Wilson – aye, Lawson – aye.

Motion carried.

Mr. Garrett informed council of an application for a burn permit he had received from Tommy O’Brien for the Lawson property between Rt. 26 and Hwy. 460.

Mr. Garrett presented Council Members with a final copy of the Consent Order for the Trickling Filter Plant on Church Street.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to adjourn at 8:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC				Marvin H. Mitchell, Vice-Mayor
