1  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, May 9, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, May 9, 2011
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members Present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Other:  Jeff Elder, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Stephanie James, Bill Goodrich,
Cliff Harvey, Edna Francis, Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk; Stacy Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey said he appreciated the work of staff on the budget
and also the pavilion has been started and it will be a great addition to Abbitt Park.

Unfinished Business - None

New Business

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the consent agenda of May 9, 2011. All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council
voted to amend and reenact Section 190 entitled Water and Sewers, Article III – Water
Service, Division 2 – Cross Connection Control; Backflow Prevention of the Code of the
Town of Appomattox, Virginia.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a recommendation by Councilmember Garrett, Chair of Utility Committee to award
the Professional Engineering Services – Wastewater System – Preliminary Engineering
Report to be awarded to Reid Engineering for an amount not exceeding $39,000.00 from
the undesignated Sewer Fund Balance.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Conner,
Council voted to adopt a Resolution of Quitclaim for surplus realty on Lee Grant Avenue
previously used for the 30,000 gallon water tank tower and fixtures.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Citizen Comments – None

2  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, May 9, 2011

Council Concerns –
Mr. Conner said he would like to put the facts on the record that the people brought up.
They say we got $8 million out of tourism; I would like to find it since the total revenue
for Appomattox was not $8 million.  The county puts $15,000 per year into tourism, there
are 1700 people in the town which is roughly $300 per person in town.  The total revenue
to the Town from the downtown merchants, which includes their personal taxes as well
as all of their business tax, totals less than $42,000.00. So when you are giving them
$80,000.00 you are already giving them more than they need.  The figures that were
quoted in the handout were not real, they were estimates.  The brochure sent out for West
Virginia was sent out by the State, not by a town.  The Greenbrier Resort goes with the
Greenbrier Valley to do their advertising, which is Lewisburg and all the counties around
them for one brochure.  Their advertising budget is less than ours.  Lynchburg spending
$1 million for 90,000 people and we are spending the money we are for 1700 people.
They didn’t say anything when we said we would have to raise taxes for tourism.  They
fussed when we double the Business License Tax, do they want to double everything
again.  I just want true facts.  I don’t want to hurt anyone’s business.  If it is that
important they need to get together with the Chamber or Retail Merchants to do their
advertising.  We spent a $1,100,000.00 and got back less than $225,000.00 in tourism.
We have to have a balanced budget unless you want to raise taxes.  We want to make it
an asset to live in town and not a hindrance.

Mayor Harvey asked Council to consider having two standing committees instead of six
standing committees.  This would need a code change.  Mayor Harvey said each
committee would have three (3) members and he would sit on each committee.  There
would need to be a public hearing on this matter.

Mr. Gillespie explained the two new committees would be the Finance and Planning
Committee and Physical Development Committee.  He recommends having the meetings
before the regular council meeting and workshop meeting.  Other communities have
implemented this and it has worked well.   The Mayor would appoint the committee
members.  Each committee would consist of three (3) members.

On a motion made by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

____________________________
Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk

_____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

