1  Workshop Meeting
     Tuesday, May 24, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, May 24, 2011 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others present:  Bill and June Goodrich, Cliff Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Benny Harvey,
Stephanie James, Jeff Elder, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Stacy Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; Rhonda Guill, Deputy Clerk; and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order

Discussion of possible committee structure changes
Mayor Harvey explained the possible committee structure changes discussed during the May
9, 2011 Regular Council Meeting.  The Finance & Planning Committee would take the place
of the current Personnel, Finance and Ordinance Committees.  The Physical Development
Committee would take the place of the current Utility, Street & Property and Fire & Safety
Committees.  If changed, the Council will need to hold a public hearing to hear citizen
comments and then vote to amend and reenact Section 5-3 and 5-4 of the Code of the Town
of Appomattox, Virginia.
Possible schedule of events:

•  May 24, 2011 – Council consensus to advertise for public hearing.
•

June 13, 2011 – Public Hearing to hear citizen comments on the amendments of
Section 5-3 and 5-4 of the Town Code.
June 13, 2011 – Council consideration to amend and reenact Section 5-3 and 5-4 of
the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia with an effective date of July 1, 2011.

•

These code changes would be effective on July 1, 2011 and the Mayor would appoint three
(3) members of Council to each committee and denote a committee chair.  The Mayor will
serve as the ex-officio of each committee.

Ms. Bennett asked would these committees mean fewer meetings.
Ms. Spiggle asked would this mean longer meetings.  She thinks we should go a little slower
with this process.
Mr. Mayberry thinks we should look at it from a financial standpoint, this would help control
the finances and we will still accomplish the same thing.
Mayor Harvey explained this would mean fewer meetings; the goal is to have committee
meetings the same night as regular council and workshop meetings.  The meetings may last a
little longer but staff would have more time to prepare for them which should help them to
run smoother.
It is the consensus of Council to move forward with the Public Hearing.  Mayor Harvey
instructed Ms. Paulette to advertise for a Public Hearing to be held on June 13, 2011.

Update on 2011 Curbside Waste Collection Contract
Ms. Paulette explained the current contract with BFI – Allied Waste is set to expire on June
30, 2011.  The contract for curbside garbage collection services was advertised on Sunday,
April 10, 2011.  Bid packets were mailed to three (3) contractors.  Bids were due on Tuesday,

2  Workshop Meeting
     Tuesday, May 24, 2011

May 10, 2011.  One (1) bid was received by the deadline and was opened on Friday, May 13,
2011 by Bill Gillespie, Jeff Elder and Roxanne Paulette.  The bid received is from BFI Waste
Services, LLC d/b/a Allied Waste Services of Lynchburg for $239,436.00.  This equates to
$79,812.00 per year for each year of the 3 year contract.  The amount includes a 3% CPI
amount.  There is an increase of approximately 50 carts from the original contract to the new
contract.
Staff will be asking for consideration to award the bid to BFI Waste Services, LLC at the
June 13, 2011 Regular Council meeting.

Update on Appomattox Town Shop property
Paul explained that the Town solicited a request for proposals under the Basic Ordering
Agreement with all five (5) engineering firms.  Three (3) proposals were received and B&B
Consultants was awarded the project to survey all five (5) parcels and present a plat for
recordation with one (1) parcel for the Public Works Department (Town Shop lots).  The
Town Attorney has been authorized to conduct a title search of the parcel at the Town Shop
lot on Linden and church Street. Attorney Frank Wright was advised we needed the title
searches done by May 31, 2011.

Update on Preliminary Engineering Report – Wastewater Treatment
Paul reported the contract between Reid Engineering and the Town of Appomattox was
executed by him and returned to Reid Engineering.  A financial arrangement was reached
with Reid Engineering for the PER for $39.000.00 and if an Environmental Review is needed
and the Town decided to move forward with one, it will cost an additional $1,000.00.

Update on Phase II of the STAG project – Sewer to the Museum of the Confederacy
Roxanne reported the Parkview Holdings, LLC easement has been signed and recorded in the
Appomattox County Circuit Court Clerk’s Office.  The DEQ offered “safe advertising”
instructions for May 2011.  WW Associates will advertise the project May 29, 2011 and bids
will be due on June 20, 2011.  Council will award the project at the July 11, 2011 Regular
Council meeting.
Jeff Elder said the project will be done within 6 months and a deadline date will be in the
contract.
Timeline:
Sunday, May 29, 2011 – Advertisement
Thursday, June 30, 2011 – Bid due date – opening
Monday, July 11, 2011 – Council award

Update on Sidewalks projects within the Priority & Initiatives Plan
Roxanne reported the Street & Property Committee visited the areas of concern identified
specifically as Highland Avenue, Church Street, Burke Street, Red House Road and Patterson
Street.  The three (3) sidewalks in desperate need of repair are Church Street, Burke Street
and Highland Avenue.  Hearing no objection, Mr. Gillespie will be advertising approximately
600 square yards of sidewalk and 100 linear feet of curbing on May 29, 2011.  This amount
should keep the Town in line with the budgeted amount for FY 2012 and the amount
identified in the Priority and Initiative Plan.  There will be a mandatory pre-bid meeting on
Thursday, June 9, 2011 at 11:00 a.m. and bids will be due on June 23, 2011 and publicly read
aloud.  Council can then discuss this matter further at the June workshop and award the
contract on July 11, 2011.  The contractors will be taken to the sites to look at the sidewalks
in need.

3  Workshop Meeting
     Tuesday, May 24, 2011

Timeline:
Sunday, May 29, 2011 – Advertisement
Thursday, June 9, 2011 – 11:00 a.m. – Mandatory Pre-Bid meeting
Thursday, June 23, 2011 – Bids due date – opening
Tuesday, June 28, 2011 – Workshop
Monday, July 11, 2011 – Council award

Updates from Standing Committees
Finance – Mr. McDearmon reported the budget will be voted on at the June 13, 2011
meeting.
Fire & Safety – Ms. Bennett reported the Fire & Safety Committee will have a meeting on
June 7, 2011 to discuss blighted buildings.  She and Mr. Garrett also discussed the possibility
of putting the old fire alarm behind Subway to use as a tornado warning alarm.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported the Ordinance Committee will have its next meeting on
May 31, 2011 to continue discussing the Sign Ordinance.
Personnel – Nothing to report
Street & Property – Ms. Spiggle reported the pavilion should be 100% complete by next
week.
Utility – Mr. Garrett reported the sewer project discussed in the meeting early is all they have
going on right now.

Council Concerns
Ms. Spiggle said she has been approached by some citizen asking if the Town of Appomattox
could start using budget billing for the water and sewer bills.  She has talked to Stacy, Town
Treasurer about this and Stacy will look into it.

Mayor Harvey met with the Chamber of Commerce about the Community of Candles.  They
would like to have a synthetic ice skating rink set up in the parking lot between County
Charm and the Visitors Center on the Sunday of the Community of Candles events.  They
would also like to move the stage to the center of Main Street.  After the events on Sunday
they would like to possibly move the ice skating rink to the Jamerson Library Parking Lot.
It is the consensus of Council not to allow the Stage to be moved to the center of Main Street
for safety reasons. Paul suggested they move the rink to the Liberty Baptist Church Lot
where the basketball court is. Paul will talk to the Chamber of Commerce to ask the
following questions: (1) What is the Town’s liability?  (2)  Will the rink be manned during
the week it is at the Library Parking Lot?

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn the meeting at 7:50 p.m.

______________________________                           _____________________________
Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

4  Workshop Meeting
     Tuesday, May 24, 2011

