ref: reel_03_0047
date: 1975-06-18
content: Mr. Conner asked if the option had been purchased. Mr. Slagle explained we have a 6 month option.

Mr. Slagle reported we are about 90% complete on the water line on Ferguson Street.

Mr. Pack brought the Council up-to-date on the Court Street project.

Mr. Hubbard reported the Water Committee has met and made some adjustments in the water connection fees and water rates. Council discussed the proposed changes. Mr. Hubbard made a motion to accept the Water Committee's recommendations in minutes dated June 18, 1975 and to advertise the Council's intent to adopt these changes at the next regular meeting, seconded by Mr. Spiggle. Ayes 6 Nays 0 Motion carried unanimously. See attached copy.

Mr. Spiggle read the minutes of a Sewer Committee meeting held on June 18, 1975 to Council. Mr. Spiggle made the motion to accept the recommendation of the Sewer Committee and authorize purchase of the boat and motor with Revenue Sharing Funds, seconded by Mr. Hubbard. Motion carried.

Mr. Conner reported on the rodeo held at the Town Ball Park.

Mr. Conner also reported the County has some recreational funds. He proposed that these funds be used to purchase basketball goals, to be installed on the new Well lot on the northside of Appomattox. Mr. Slagle explained he has talked with Mr. Perkins and found these funds require documentation of the percentage of underprivileged, negro and female utilizing facilities funded through this program. He further explained that he would hold an option on the proposed location and that the State Health Department would in his opinion object to such facilities being located above the new well. Mr. Conner indicated that he plans to apply for the funds on behalf of the Town.

Mr. Guill reported Mr. O. B. Garris has requested a 15 minute loading zone in front of his business on South Church Street. Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. House to grant the request. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors have adopted the Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance which will become effective January 1, 1976. The Town is included under this ordinance.

Council voted to hold the proposed amendments to the Water Quality Management Plan in abeyance until the next meeting.
chunk_id: 20258
record_id: 1278
page_number: 1

