ref: reel_03_0867
date: 1983-07-09
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, July 9, 1983 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. L. Bass, Martin Webb, Ray Noble, H.W. Conner, S. E. Carter, and R. C. Hubbard.

Others present were: T. C. Jones, IV, Barry Elder, Louise Martin, Virginia Babcock, Frances Elliott, Randy Williams, Nelwyn Morris, Cindy Ranson, Dot Davidson, Bob McClenny, Barbara Williams, Clerk, Circuit Court, Frances Abbitt, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, the Agenda with the addition of: 6. Mike & Pam Weakley - Ball Park; 7. Use of the Town Seal by Tommy Terry, & Steve Pool's request for living in his new building, and 9. Upper Appomattox River Watershed Project; and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the minutes of the June regular meeting, as submitted and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Virginia Babcock, Department of Social Services, appeared before Council to discuss Nutrition for the Elderly and the Commodity Foods Distribution Program.

Mr. Frances Elliott, Randy Williams, Barry Elder, Mrs. Louise Martin, and Mrs. Babcock, addressed Council on the program and how it is helping the County. They also thanked Town Council for their support and help in this program.

Mr. T. C. Jones, IV, Executive Director, Commission on Aging, introduced himself to Council.

Mr. Bob McClenny, Soil Conservation Service, briefed Council on the status of the Upper Appomattox River Watershed Project and requested the Town Council to continue to be a sponsor of this "Plan".

Mrs. Dot Davidson, spokesperson for the Railroad Festival Board, requested Council to be responsible for the clean-up during the "Festival".

Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court, appeared before Council and the Mayor to "Swear In" the Members of the Town Council and the Mayor.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved the May & June 1984, Financial Statements, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to adopt the Tax Rate for 1984 at $.20 per hundred dollars for Real Estate in the Town. (See copy of Public Hearing attached).

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20883
record_id: 1903
page_number: 1

