ref: reel_03_0844
date: 1983-07-11
content: Regular Meeting - July 11, 1983

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, July 11, 1983 at 7:30 P.M. with Vice-Mayor Bass presiding.

Those present: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, Ray Noble, T. W. Lawson, and S. E. Carter.

Others present: Bookie Johnson, George Cheatham, Bill Sherrod, and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The Meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, the Agenda with one addition to New Business, J. Britton's Salary from County, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, the minutes of the June meeting were approved as submitted, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. S. E. Carter, Chairman of the Property Committee, reported to Council on their meeting concerning the Depot and Town Shop. (See copy of Committee meeting minutes)

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to accept the recommendations of the Property Committee on the Depot.

1. A one year lease be given to the Arts & Crafts for rooms 1 and 2 on the east end of the Depot.

2. That rooms 2 & 3 be rented to Mrs. Virginia Hancock at a one year lease with the option to renew and the rent to be set at $100.00 per month.

3. That the large area at the Depot be used by the Railroad Festival Committee but that the storage area be rented for storage beginning at the end of October 1983 at a rent of $100.00 per month.

and secure some prices on the proposed three-bay Garage as described in Property Committee minutes dated July 5, 1983, for the 1984 Budget.

Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to table Item 3, Old Business, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council adopted the proposed amendment of Section 13.1 of the Town Code to provide penalty and interest for Delinquent Payment of Town taxes. (see attached copy in Council File - July)

Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20861
record_id: 1881
page_number: 1

