ref: reel_03_0843
date: 1983-07-05
content: A meeting of the Property Committee was held on Tuesday, July 5, 1983, at 4:30 P.M.

Those members present: S. E. Carter, Chairman, R. L. Bass, and R. C. Hubbard.

Others present: Mayor Spiggle and Town Manager W. R. Britton, Jr.

The purpose of the meeting was to:
A. Discuss the rental of the Appomattox Depot.
B. Discuss the proposed construction at the Town Shop.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, the Property Committee recommends to Town Council that:

1. A one year lease be given to the Arts & Crafts for rooms 1 and 2 on the east end of the Depot.

2. That rooms 2 & 3 be rented to Mrs. Virginia Hancock at a one year lease with the option to renew and the rent to be set at $100.00 per month.

3. That the large area at the Depot be used by the Railroad Festival Committee but that the storage area be rented for storage beginning at the end of October 1983 at a rent of $100.00 per month.

and all members present voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, the Committee recommends to Council that:

A three-bay Butler-type construction Building, 35 ft by 48 ft. be built with 16 ft. doors in front of the 3 bays, plus an additional 16 ft. door at the end of the east bay to allow access to storage behind the building. The third bay being insulated and a grease pit installed with skylights in the 3 main bays. The additional footage of the lot being approximately 46 ft. A separate bid for a 3-sided shed be obtained for consideration in the 1984 Budget.

There being no further business, the Committee meeting adjourned at 5:50 P.M.
chunk_id: 20860
record_id: 1880
page_number: 1

