ref: reel_03_0711
date: 1980-01-14
content: Page 2 of 3
Council Meeting-January 14, 1980

Dr. May also reported that another site has been found for the Regional Sewage Facility. This property is owned by Continental Can Company. The site has been approved by the Soil Conservation Service.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to deny the request from York County, and five of the six members present voted yes. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to deny the request from the Virginia Association of Counties Land Use Task Force for a donation towards a study and five of the six members present voted yes. Motion carried.

It was the general consensus of the Council that they are not interested in the local governments Workmen's Compensation program of the Virginia Municipal League.

Mr. Britton reported that Virtex, LTD., and the Farmers Home Administration are very interested in the sewerage connection. They understand that they will have to pay 1 1/4 times the I. & I. introduced into our system. They have set a limit of $61,000.00 as probable costs for this procedure and this will be entered on the contract.

Council discussed the Noise Pollution Ordinance at length. Mr. Kerr, Town Attorney interpretation of this proposed ordinance was introduced thru a letter from him. (See Council file dated January 1980.)

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, that arrangements be made to take the decibel reading from Thomasville at 4:30 A.M. everyday for thirty days, and the findings be brought to Council and all members voted yes.

Mr. Gordon made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, that the question of the proposed Noise Pollution Control Ordinance be tabled at this time.

Conner-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye, Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Spiggle read a letter from Mr. Pittman. He explained that the School Board should request the flashing school signs and they will supply the signs but the School Board will have to pay for them.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to try to collect the unpaid taxes by whatever procedures that are available to the Town and all members voted aye.

Mr. Britton reported that he has checked the businesses and industrial users in Town for Cross-Connection & Backflow. One business to date has been found in violation and will be corrected as soon as possible.

In accordance with Section 2.1-344, the Mayor requested an Executive Session, at this time to discuss personnel.

The motion to go into executive session was made by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Gordon, and all members voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20787
record_id: 1807
page_number: 1

