# JOINT MEETING – September 23, 2003

Page 1

. Bi’

September 23, 2003 - Joint Meeting - Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox
Board of Supervisors

A joint meeting of the Appomattox Town Council and the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors was held on Tuesday, September 23, 2003 at 6:30 PM in the Council
Chambers with Mayor Spiggle and Chairman Carter presiding.

Those present were: Joyce Bennett, Norman Mayberry, Steve Lawson, Marvin Mitchell,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Jesse Hancock, Frank Carwile, Russell Moore, William M.
Phillips, Town Attorney, Johnny Overstreet, County Attorney, Walter E. Hancock, Willie
Craft, Tom Conrad, Mr. & Mrs, Gary Warner, Chad Denton, David T. Garrett, Jr.,
Charles Garrett, Andy Carroll, County Administrator, John Spencer, Asst. County
Administrator, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk. ; .

Mr. Walter Hancock made a presentation to the Town Council and Board of Supervisors
ona Water Source Study for the Appomattox Area. Mr. Hancock made the following
recommendation that we consider the Lynchburg to Appomattox Water Line at an
approximate cost of 14.9 million. This would be the best solution because low O&M,
unforeseen expenses, and will provide immediate water service for the Town.

The County of Appomattox has asked the Town Council for a discussion of the request
for water and sewer connections from Mr, & Mrs. Gary Warner for a proposed .
Retirement Development called Freedom Ridge. Council has denied the request
previously. A lengthy discussion followed. The Board and the Council felt there

were still too many unanswered questions regarding this proposed development.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve the
application by Scruggs Financial Services for use of the Abbitt Park on Thursday,
September 25, 2003, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 7:50
PM

Respectfully submitted,

Bobbie H. Ah

uw Clerk