ref: reel_02_0461
date: 1967-05-15
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on May 15, 1967, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. 

Council members present were Mrs. G. H. Robinson, Vice-Mayor, R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and R. L. Wingfield. 

The meeting was opened with a prayer. 

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved. 

Wingfield requested a study of the license rates for businesses. 

Bass reported that a two-way radio had been installed on the County fire truck and a base station installed in the fire house. 

The electric service for the Well No. 6 was discussed and the Council decided that it would be better to have it underground. 

A request from J. E. Sears and Co., Inc. for a conference on the possibility of the Town furnishing water to a subdivision on Highway No 61 was referred to the Water and Sewage Committee. 

The Mayor appointed Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard and Burke Guill as a committee to recommend any needed changes in the license and tax rates for the Town, and requested the Water and Sewage Committee to make any needed recommendations for the water and sewer rates. 

Bass moved, and Hubbard seconded; That the Town request VEPCO to furnish current for the Woodmen of the World ball field, and bill the Town for the current used. The Woodmen of the World are to reimburse the Town for all costs. Motion carried. 

A letter from J. R. Redding was read, offering to make a new lease for the Church Street office for $25.00 per month. The offer was refused. 

Bass moved and Hubbard seconded: 

Resolve: That the Virginia Department of Highways be requested to take over the maintenance of the following streets on June 30, 1967: 
Edgewood St. (50' Wide) from Highway #460 to Ethel St. 993' 
Ethel St. (50' Wide) from Edgewood St. in a westerly direction past the lagoon 327' 
Total distance 1320' 

Motion carried. 

Hubbard moved, and Bass seconded, That the Town share the cost with the County for $150.00 for a two-way radio unit for the tank truck. Motion carried. 

The Council approved the following building permits: B. Taylor Mathews, Edgewood St., brick veneer dwelling to cost $14,500.00. J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc., Morton Land, frame residence to cost $14,000.00.
chunk_id: 19944
record_id: 964
page_number: 1

