1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, April 28, 2009

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on April 28, 2009 at 7:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance was Chad Millner, Nina Beasley,
Stephanie James, Tom Martin, Sam Carter, Barbara Shelton, Derek Norfield, Cliff Harvey, Mary
Lou Spiggle, Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager, Will Simmons, Director of Tourism,
Frank Wright, Town Attorney and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams and
with the members present voting aye, Council voted to amend the workshop agenda by adding
items #4 - Pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town regarding specific legal matters
requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel, the subject matter of such meeting being
(a) the legal implications of changes requested to the Basic Ordering Agreement by Draper Aden
and (b) legal considerations pertaining to having a referendum for a lease law and pursuant to
§2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or
consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved,
where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely
affected, specifically being the discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox County
regarding the waterline from Concord to Appomattox and pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 1 of the
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussing a prospective candidate for
the position of Town Treasurer with the Town of Appomattox, specifically being prospective
Candidate A and item #5 – Open Session discussion and/or action arising from closed session
matters.

Tom Martin, KGRL Planning made a presentation to the Town Council regarding the “draft”
sign ordinance.

Councilmember Baine acknowledged the great job by Mr. Martin and the committee.  The
process had a lot of integrity and the business community was included.

Reports/Updates
Staff Reports
Will Simmons, Director of Tourism

•  Several nice articles have appeared recently regarding the Town’s tourism efforts
•  Appomattox was listed as one of the 5 top destinations
•  Has conducted two recent interviews with WFLO and the Appomattox News
•  Advertising efforts include Google Ad words, Preservation magazine, Civil War

Traveler, Direct mailing to Churches, Civic Organizations

•  The National Park Service website now has a link to the Town Tourism website.
•  Facebook has an Appomattox fan club with 380 fans.
•  Compact fluorescent lights have been installed at the Visitor’s Center.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, April 28, 2009

Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager

Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise was introduced by Mr. Williams as the recently hired Town

Manager.  Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise thanked the Council for the opportunity to serve.

No other staff reports.

Committee Reports
Finance Committee – Mr. McDearmon reported that the FY 2010 Budget for the Town of
Appomattox will be ready by the first budget meeting in May 2009.

Fire & Safety Committee – Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs has not met since the last workshop meeting.
The committee will be presenting to the entire council approval of a Town Newsletter to be
published three (3) times per year.

Ordinance Committee – None, other than the presentation by Tom Martin, KGRL Planning for
the Sign Ordinance.

Personnel Committee – Mr. Williams reported that the Personnel Committee has met several
times to discuss salaries for the upcoming budget process.

Street & Property Committee – Mr. Baine reported that the Second Annual Town Spring Clean
Up was held on May 2, 2009 at Abbitt Park.  Lunch was added this year at 11:30 a.m.  An Arbor
Day Observance was held on April 24, 2009 with the planting of two dogwood trees.  The
Appomattox Pedestrian Steering Committee held a meeting on May 4, 2009.  Sidewalks have
been patched on Highland Avenue.  The next meeting is scheduled for May 6, 2009 at 10:00 am.

Utility Committee – None.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town regarding
specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel, the subject matter
of such meeting being (a) the legal implications of changes requested to the Basic Ordering
Agreement by Draper Aden and (b) legal considerations pertaining to having a referendum for a
leash law and pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or
bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental
unit would be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion of the proposal submitted by
Appomattox County regarding the waterline from Concord to Appomattox and pursuant to §2.2-
3711(A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussing a
prospective candidate for the position of Town Treasurer with the Town of Appomattox,
specifically being prospective Candidate A.

VOTE:
Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

3  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, April 28, 2009

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

VOTE:
Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

On a recommendation motion by Councilmember Williams, Council voted to extend an offer to
Candidate A for the position of Town Treasurer starting May 4, 2009.  All voting aye.  Motion
carried.

Council directed the Town Manager to send a letter to the County acknowledging receipt of their
letter April 20, 2009 concerning the Concord Waterline.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs and with all members
present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 9:15 pm.  Motion carried.

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

