1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 13, 2009

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on April 13, 2009
at 7:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council
members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Karl E. Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance
were Rev. Gene Beverly, Mary Lou Spiggle, Stephanie James, Bob Hopkins, Carlton
Duck, Derek Norfield, Stephanie James and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Gene Beverly gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry and with
the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of April
13, 2009 with the addition of NB #3 and NB #4 as presented.  Motion carried.

Public Comments – none

Appearances – None

Mayor’s Comments – Publicly thanked staff for an outstanding job over the past two
months.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-
Scruggs, Council voted to adopt the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

ADOPTION OF THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY
EMERGENCY OPERATIONS PLAN

WHEREAS, the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia recognizes the need
to prepare for, respond to, and recover from natural and man-made disasters, and

WHEREAS, the Town Council has a responsibility to provide for the safety and well
being of its citizens and visitors, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox recognizes that the County of Appomattox has
established and appointed a Director and Coordinator of Emergency Services.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED, by the Town Council of the Town of
Appomattox, Virginia that this Emergency Operations Plan as adopted in January 2009
is officially adopted, and

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 13, 2009

IT IS FURTHER PROCAIMED AND ORDERED that the Director of Emergency Services, or
his designees, are tasked and authorized to maintain and revise as necessary this
document over the next five-year period or until such time it be ordered to come before
the Appomattox Town Council and/or Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.

Resolution Adopted:  April 13, 2009
Aye:  Baine, Mayberry, McDearmon, Williams, Carter, Jamerson-Scruggs.
No:  None

Motion carried.

Council gave consensus to the following proclamation:

ARBOR DAY PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS, Arbor Day has been observed throughout Virginia and the Nation for more
than 120 years, and

WHEREAS, trees provide many benefits to the community, including clean air,
windbreaks, noise reduction shade, and energy savings, and

WHEREAS, planting and maintaining trees provides opportunities for community
interaction, volunteerism, economic development, and environmental conservation, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees
provide habitat for birds, and

WHEREAS, trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business
areas, and beautify communities, and

WHEREAS, trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration, and

WHEREAS, the fourth Friday in April of each year is designated by the Virginia General
Assembly as Arbor Day in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby
proclaim the 24th day of April, 2009 as our First Annual Arbor Day.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember
Williams, the Appomattox Town Council voted to convene in closed session, pursuant to
§2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of
discussing a prospective candidate for the position of Town Manager with the Town of
Appomattox, specifically being prospective Candidate A.

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 13, 2009

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye,  Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that
to the best of each members knowledge:  (1) Only public business matters lawfully
exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed
meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard,
discussed or considered by this council.

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye,  Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

On a recommendation of the Personnel Committee, Mr. Williams, Chairman made a
motion and all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to extend an offer to
candidate A as discussed for the position of Town Manager.  Motion carried.

Council Concerns –
1.  Mayberry:

Liberty Baptist Church experienced a large water bill for the house across the
street being used for meetings, Sunday schools classes, etc. for the month of
March 2009.  Council has never provided relief on treated sewer.  It was agreed
by consensus to explain the procedure to Liberty Baptist Church and offer them a
payment plan for the large water bill.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember
Williams and with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00
p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

