ref: reel_02_0595
date: 1971-08-11
content: The Appomattox Town Council met on August 11, 1971 at 7:30 P.M. in the Council Room with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. The meeting date was changed from August 16th due to the expected absences of some of the members.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, T. E. Conner, M. L. Webb, Ivey Holland, and R. C. Hubbard.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. W. E. Jamerson was present and requested that the Triangle Plaza be allowed to connect future retail stores and offices to the Town lagoon, but not to any amount to exceed double the previous amount allowed in the Town letter of July 22, 1971. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Jamerson notified the Council that the Triangle Plaza will accept the sewer and water services as outlined in the Council minutes of July 19, 1971 with the above change.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Webb seconded that personal property taxes that are over five years old and are legally uncollectable are to be marked off the tax records. Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Pack announced that a joint public meeting has been held on June 3, 1971 with the Planning Commission and the Planning Commission has met and recommended that the following two changes be made in the Town Subdivision Ordinance:

1. That Section 8-28 be changed to read "To divide any tract, parcel, or lot of land into two or more parts of 5 acres or less, except, however,".
2. That Section 4-1-1. be changed by adding the following: "Where the subdivision fronts on either side of a publicly maintained road or street, the subdivider shall widen the road or street or twenty-five (25) feet from the centerline of the road or street."

Hubbard moved and Conner seconded that the above two changes be made in the Town's Subdivision Ordinance. Motion carried unanimously.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Holland seconded that the Virginia Department of Highways be requested to sell the
chunk_id: 20065
record_id: 1085
page_number: 1

