1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 28, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, October 28,
2014 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Carlton Duck, Stephanie James, Katrina Koerting, Stacey Wilkes, Treasurer; Bill
Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the October 28, 2014 Council Workshop meeting to order.

Council received the quarterly report from Sheriff Letterman, Appomattox County, outlining
efforts of the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office within the Town for the months of July,
August, and September 2014.  Council thanked Sheriff Letterman for the update.

Mr. Gillespie, Town Manager, explained the revisions to the Economic Development Incentive
Policy (as presented).  The revisions include infrastructure assistance and what you are willing to
do for commercial businesses.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to accept the revisions of the Incentive Policy dated October 28, 2014.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Report from the Priority and Initiatives Chairs:

Communications – Mrs. Claudia G. Puckette:
No report

Relationships/Managed Growth – Mr. Steve T. Conner:
No report

Infrastructure – Mr. N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry:
None

Garden Spot – Ms. Mary Lou Spiggle:
Ms. Spiggle provided an update on the ROSE project.

Finance – Mr. C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.:
No report – believes the Town is financially sound.

Water Park – Mr. Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett:
No report – still considering a feasibility study for the water park.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 28, 2014

Mr. Gillespie asked the Council members to consider which components of their respective
committees they would like to keep moving into next year.

Standing Committee Updates:
Finance & Planning – No report – no meeting this month

Physical Development Committee – No report – no meeting this month

Staff Member Updates:
Town Clerk – Mrs. Casto gave an update on the property located at 427 Sunnydale Avenue.  All
delinquent tax amounts and liens will be provided to the Town Attorney.

Town Treasurer – none

Town Manager – Reminded Council of the Retreat scheduled for Friday, November 7, 2014.
Also, the Town Council will meet jointly with the Planning Commission and Economic
Development Authority on December 4, 2014.

Council Concerns:
Mayor Harvey encouraged everyone to come to the retreat with an open mind.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35
p.m. with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

