1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 29, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 29, 2013
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Jeff Elder, Stephanie James (Times Virginian), Carlton Duck, Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; Roxanne W.
Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to Workshop meeting to order.

Mr. Gillespie, Town Manager provided Council with an update on the Old Courthouse
Road Corridor Study spearheaded by Johnnie Roark, Appomattox County with oversight
by VDOT.  The project is just beginning and will be conducted through the next few
months.  A final plan will be available near the end of April 2013.  The study is being
conducted through the Region 2000 Local Government Council.  The corridor will
extend to the National Park Service.  The plan will take a long range approach to that
area.  There are also ordinances that Council can consider for traffic calming and
enhancements of the area.  The master plans are generally multi-year grant funded.  The
idea is to change the openness of that area to be more passive.  There is also the
possibility of turn lanes.  Meetings with stakeholders and adjacent property owners will
also be happening in the coming months.

Mr. Gillespie gave a power point presentation regarding the National League of Cities
Water and Sewer warranty program.  The Finance & Planning Committee and the
Physical Development Committee has met and reviewed the information.  The power
point is for the benefit of the citizens.  Council intends to consider the matter at the
February 11, 2013 Regular Council meeting.

Mr. Elder, Utility Director discussed the meeting held with the International Standard
Organization (ISO) who oversees and governs the writers of fire insurance in the area.
Representatives from ISO, Timmy Garrett, Fire Chief, Bobby Wingfield, 911
Coordinator – Appomattox County Public Safety and Town Staff discussed fire ratings,
water capabilities, volume of water the town was capable of pumping.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning

Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on November 13, 2012 and reviewed
the revised zoning map, discussed participating in the Region 2000 Economic
Development Committee, discussed water and sewer revenue projections.  The
committee also discussed the renovations in the conference room and bathroom at the

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 29, 2013

Town Office.  The treasurer provided the committee information on on-line bill pay.
Other items discussed also included a request from the Appomattox Youth Association
regarding a donation for the lighting project and items needed at the Train Depot.

Physical Development Committee

Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met today, November 27, 2012 and a lot of the
items discussed during the meeting were the items from the retreat that Mr. Gillespie
touched on at the beginning of the workshop meeting.  Mr. Mayberry commended the
staff and Council for the items completed throughout the previous year.

Mr. Gillespie commended Council.  Stating they were the easiest and most organized
council he has ever worked with.  Their willingness goes a long way in getting things
done.
Staff Updates

Town Manager – The zoning map is all but complete and so is the ordinance.  The clerk
stated there are about 1100 property owners that will need to be notified.  The process
will take some time.

The public works building is complete and will begin transitioning service requests,
public works needs all to that area in December 2012.  The new phone system is working
well.

The financial system (Logics) training is scheduled to begin in January 2013.

Treasurer – The FY 2012 field audit is complete.

Clerk of Council – Staff will be asking Council to cancel the December workshop during
the December Regular Meeting.  Offices will be closed December 24, 25, and 26, 2012.

Council Concerns

Mrs. Spiggle publicly thanked Rhonda Guill for all of her efforts for the Railroad Festival
and train excursion.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:18 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

