1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 29, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 29, 2013
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Jeff Elder, Stephanie James (Times Virginian), Carlton Duck, Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; Roxanne W.
Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to Workshop meeting to order.

Mr. Gillespie, Town Manager provided Council with an update on the Old Courthouse
Road Corridor Study spearheaded by Johnnie Roark, Appomattox County with oversight
by VDOT.  The project is just beginning and will be conducted through the next few
months.  A final plan will be available near the end of April 2013.  The study is being
conducted through the Region 2000 Local Government Council.  The corridor will
extend to the National Park Service.  The plan will take a long range approach to that
area.  There are also ordinances that Council can consider for traffic calming and
enhancements of the area.  The master plans are generally multi-year grant funded.  The
idea is to change the openness of that area to be more passive.  There is also the
possibility of turn lanes.  Meetings with stakeholders and adjacent property owners will
also be happening in the coming months.

Mr. Gillespie gave a power point presentation regarding the National League of Cities
Water and Sewer warranty program.  The Finance & Planning Committee and the
Physical Development Committee has met and reviewed the information.  The power
point is for the benefit of the citizens.  Council intends to consider the matter at the
February 11, 2013 Regular Council meeting.

Mr. Elder, Utility Director discussed the meeting held with the International Standard
Organization (ISO) who oversees and governs the writers of fire insurance in the area.
Representatives from ISO, Timmy Garrett, Fire Chief, Bobby Wingfield, 911
Coordinator – Appomattox County Public Safety and Town Staff discussed fire ratings,
water capabilities; volume of water the town was capable of pumping, the size of lines,
number of fire hydrants & fire flow tests.  In the coming weeks, staff will be conducting
fire flow tests in 15-20 different areas of town.

The ISO records were being updated every 5 years and will now be every 5 months to 1
year.  The ISO was pleased and impressed with the Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department including equipment and the volume of water they are capable of delivering.
Due to capacity and growth it is unlikely the Town’s fire rating would go down.  ISO
recommended sub-departments within the county as it might be a way to lower the rating.

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 29, 2013

Ms. Paulette, Clerk provided Council with an update on the Norfolk Southern repairs to
the Court Street crossing.  The repairs should take place within the next 90 days and will
take 48-72 hours to complete.

Committee Updates

Finance & Planning
Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on January 11, 2013 and discussed the
water and sewer warranty program offered by the National League of Cities.  The
committee also discussed Priorities and Initiatives, a street light on Sunrise Street and
Patricia Anne Lane, Chicken Ordinance, water and sewer service on Plant Drive and
Rose Lane and replacement of the ceiling grid and tiles in the Council Chambers.
Staff will present prices to council for their consideration.

Physical Development Committee
Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met tonight, January 29, 2013 and received a
presentation by William Slagle, EDA Chairman.  The committee also discussed the
National League of Cities Water and Sewer Warranty program, update on Planning
Commission member update, creating a chicken ordinance and parking in fire lanes.

The Physical Development Committee agreed not to present the proposal presented by
the EDA to full council for consideration.  In effect, the matter has failed in committee.

Staff was directed to craft a letter to the citizens of Appomattox in response to the
resolution presented by the EDA for Appomattox County to be published in the Times
Virginian newspaper.

Staff Updates
Clerk – None

Treasurer – The Logics software is live.  New water bills will be going out this week.
Hopefully, by the end of February 2013 all aspects will be up and running.

Town Manager - None

Council Concerns
Mrs. Puckette thanked Mr. Gillespie and staff for all you do.

Mr. Conner stated that he had been visiting other towns recently and their tax rates are a
lot more than Appomattox.

Ms. Spiggle commented that all of our staff is excellent.

3  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 29, 2013

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

