1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Meeting
December 6, 2010

At the Special Call Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on Monday, December 6,
2010 at 6:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding.

Council members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Joyce B. Bennett.  Mr. Conner served as a member of the
Planning Commission during the public hearing.

Planning Commission members present:  Susan Hudson, Barry Morris, Steve Conner, Marvin
Mitchell, Calvin Tanner and George Almond.  Absent were:  Earl Dickerson and Michael Wirth.

Also in attendance were:  Stephanie James, Bill Gillespie, Johnnie Roark, Jeff Elder and
Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mr. Almond called the Planning Commission to order.

Mayor Harvey cited the purpose of the meeting:

1.

To conduct a joint public hearing with the Appomattox County Planning Commission
to consider the following amendments to the Town Code:

Chapter 195-Zoning Ordinance

•  Amend §195-1 Definitions to include various definitions concerning landscaping

regulations.

•  Amend §195-119 Landscaping Regulations, which is summarized as follows:

It is the intent of this article to promote the public necessity, convenience, general
welfare, and good zoning practice by incorporating landscaping, screening, and buffering
requirements into the site development plan process.  The goals are to provide
landscaping requirements that will ensure development consistent with the goals of
community development plan, reduce soil erosion, increase infiltration in permeable land
areas to improve storm water management, mitigate air, dust, noise, and chemical
pollution, protect property values, and provide buffers between incompatible uses.  It is
further the intent of this article to preserve the existing natural vegetation as an integral
part of the Town and to ensure that the Town continues to be an attractive place to live,
work, and visit.

Public Comments:  None

Mr. Almond closed the public hearing for the Planning Commission.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Meeting
December 6, 2010

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn at 5:10 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

