1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, December 13, 2010
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Mayor Harvey led the Pledge of Allegiance.

The Appomattox Town Council recognized Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department members
Daniel Rago and Benny Harvey.  The Appomattox Town Council gave Mr. Rago and Mr.
Harvey a proclamation and plaque recognizing their heroic actions in saving the life of Jim
Mitchell on October 16, 2010.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to approve the consent agenda of December 13, 2010 as presented.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Public Comments – Mr. Jimmy Lakes of the Thomasville Company appeared before Council to
request their assistance in supporting the efforts of the community in attracting Ashley Furniture
to Appomattox.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Lakes for his comments and assured the public
that a letter of support was being sent to Ashley Furniture.  Mayor Harvey also thanked the
people who put on the Community of Candles event this year.  On behalf of Town Council, he
wished everyone a wonderful holiday season.

Public Appearances –
Rick Butler, Virginia State Forester appeared before Council to provide an update on the 2010
year of the Appomattox Town Tree Board.  The major goal of the board is to obtain a Tree City
USA designation.  A complete copy of his report is on file with the Town Clerk.

Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council appeared before
Council to provide an overview of the services Region 2000 Local Government Council provides
to Towns such as Appomattox.  In addition, Mr. Christie encouraged Council to appoint a private
sector business person to work on the CEDS committee.  There are about 50 individuals (from
the Region) who attend the meetings.  A seat has been saved at the table for the Town of
Appomattox.  Region 2000 is willing to contact the business person from the private sector on
the Town’s behalf.  Region 2000 LGC works with the Regional Radio Board, Regional Service
Authority (Landfill).  In 2011, the Campbell County landfill will be opened.  The Region 2000

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

Local Government Council also assists with the Hazardous Mitigation Plan, Metropolitan
Planning Organization, completed a long range transportation plan, planning and grant writing
abilities including the Safe Routes to School grant.  The Region 2000 Local Government Council
works with the Workplace Investment Board, increased Regional services such as Libraries,
Purchasing Agents and Human Resource Directors to better use resources throughout the region.

Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Council gave a brief
overview of the partnership.  He provided material for council to peruse.  Mr. David represents
the Economic Development Council with 30 individuals from businesses, local government and
higher education.  The technology council represents a group that focus’ on their business and an
opportunity to impress engineering on Middle School age children.  The Workforce Investment
Board is also working very hard to keep businesses in the region.  The Region 2000 Economic
Development Council has been recognized for their collaboration.

Council thanked Mr. Christie and Mr. David for their presentation.

Unfinished Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to repeal Chapter 15 of the Appomattox Town Code, entitled Economic Development Authority
Board.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

The Council discussed the Bylaws and Rules of Procedures originally adopted in July 2008.
The Workshop Meeting should be returned a less formal meeting with discussion only.  The
agenda should also be prepared and distributed closer to the meeting night.  There was much
discussion regarding the citizen comment period section changes.

At the request of Councilmember Mayberry, Council agreed to table the changes to the Bylaws
and Rules of Procedures of the Appomattox Town Council until the January 10, 2011 Regular
meeting to allow Mr. Gillespie an opportunity to explain the changes to the Citizen Comment
Period section of the Bylaws and Rules of Procedure.

New Business –

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Zoning Ordinance by
revising certain provisions of the Zoning Ordinance text, as described in the following
paragraphs.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Council of the Town of Appomattox as follows:

Section 1.  Section 1 of Chapter 195, Definitions, of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, is
hereby amended to add the following definitions, to read as follows:

Add in Section 195-1-Definitions:

Buffer:  An area of land, including natural vegetation, evergreen landscaping, fencing or a
combination of fencing, earthen berms and landscaping.

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

Caliper:  Trunk diameter measured six (6) inches from the ground.  If the caliper is greater than
four (4) inches, the measurement shall be taken twelve (12) inches from the ground.

Capped:  The placement of a landscape island so that each end of a parking bay or parking row
has a landscape island at each end.

Cinderblock, Unadorned:  A concrete masonry block lacking decorative embellishments on the
face side.

Cinderblock, Unadorned

Decorative Fencing:  Fencing such as wrought iron, split rail, wood board, aluminum or
masonry or the equivalent as determined by the Zoning Administrator.  Chain link fence or
unadorned cinderblock shall not be considered decorative fencing.

Evergreen Tree:  A tree that grows to a mature height of at least twenty (20) feet and has
foliage that persists and stays green throughout the year.

Ground Cover:  Any evergreen or broadleaf plant that does not generally attain a mature height
of more than one (1) foot, characterized by a growth habit in which the plant spreads across the
ground to connect with other similar plants forming a continuous vegetative cover on the ground.
Sod and seeding shall be considered an appropriate ground cover.

Landscape Island:  An area containing required landscaping and being not less than one
hundred sixty-two (162) square feet for a parking row and three hundred twenty-four (324)
square feet for a parking bay.

Mulch:  A protective covering, usually of organic matter placed around plants to prevent
evaporation, root freezing and weed growth.

Ornamental Tree:  Deciduous tree that grows to a mature height of less than thirty (30) feet
with flowering or other distinguishing characteristics.

4  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

Parking Bay:  Two (2) parking rows abutting one another.

Parking Row:  One (1) single line of parking spaces.

Redevelop:  To materially alter the existing use or condition of a property.  Routine repairs and
maintenance shall not be considered redevelopment.

Rip Rap:  A permanent, large, loose angular stone generally used for erosion and sediment
control in concentrated high velocity flow areas.

Road Frontage:  Number of linear feet of a property which front on a public street, private street
or internal access road.

Screening:  A method of visually shielding or obscuring items such as a structure, receptacle,
parking area, equipment or stormwater management pond with densely planted landscaping, or a
combination of landscaping, berms solid fences and/or walls.

Shade Tree:  Deciduous tree that grows to be more than thirty (30) feet at maturity and that is
planted chiefly to provide shade from sunlight.

Sight Distance Triangle:  A triangular shaped area located on both sides of the intersection of a
driveway with a public roadway, designed and maintained to allow for a clear line of sight, and
being a straight line with unobstructed view measured fifty (50) feet along the edge of pavement
lines from their points of junction and being three (3) feet above the pavement edge.

Site Distance Triangle

Shrub:  A woody plant deciduous or evergreen that generally exhibits several erect, spreading
stems with a bushy appearance and that grows to a height of no more than fifteen (15) feet.

5  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

Shrub Equivalent:  The substitution of lesser height shrubs in greater numbers for one (1) taller
shrub.  Shrub equivalents shall be permitted only where specifically provided within this
ordinance and the total combined height of the lesser height shrubs shall be equal to than the
height of the one (1) taller shrub for which they are substituted.

One (1) three (3) foot shrub = One (1) two (2) foot
shrub + one (1) one (1) foot shrub

One (1) three (3) foot shrub = Three (3) one (1) foot
shrubs

Slope:  Any area of land where the surface deviates from the horizontal.

Topping:  An inappropriate practice of making heading cuts through a stem more than two (2)
years old that drastically reduces tree height, destroys tree architecture and results in
discoloration, decay of the cut stem, or death of the tree.

Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be unconstitutional or
invalid, that decision shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a whole, or any part of the
ordinance other than the part held to be unconstitutional or invalid.

Section 2.  Effective Date
This ordinance is effective December 13, 2010.

After  reviewing  the  public  testimony,  the  public  record,
the  Planning  Commission’s
recommendation, and the goals and objectives of the County’s Comprehensive Plan, Councilman
Conner made a motion, seconded by Councilman Spiggle, Council voted to amend and readopt
the  Town  of  Appomattox  Zoning  Ordinance  by  revising  certain  provisions  of  the  zoning
ordinance text as described in the attached ordinance.

Voting YES: Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Mayberry, Conner, Bennett.

6  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

Voting NO: None.
Absent: None.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND the Code of the Town of Appomattox by deleting and repealing
Chapter 195, Article XII, Sections 119-132, and replacing it with a new Chapter 195, Article XII,
Sections 119 et seq. , to be entitled Landscaping, by revising certain provisions of the Zoning
Ordinance text, as described in the following paragraphs.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Council of the Town of Appomattox as follows:

Section 1.  Chapter 195 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox is hereby amended to delete and
repeal Chapter 195, Article XII, Sections 119-132, to be known as Chapter 195, Article XII,
Section 119 as follows:

Delete  Article  XII  Landscaping  Zoning  Ordinance  Sections  195-119  through  195-132  and
reenact as § 195-119 LANDSCAPE REGULATIONS, et seq.

§195-119.1

Intent

It is the intent of this article to promote the public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and
good  zoning  practice  by  incorporating  landscaping,  screening,  and  buffering  requirements  into
the site development plan process.  The goals are to provide landscaping requirements that will
ensure  development  consistent  with  the  goals  of  the  community  development  plan,  reduce  soil
erosion,  increase  infiltration  in  permeable  land  areas  to  improve  stormwater  management,
mitigate  air,  dust,  noise,  and  chemical  pollution,  protect  property  values,  and  provide  buffers
between incompatible uses.  It is further the intent of this article to preserve the existing natural
vegetation  as  an  integral  part  of  the  Town  and  to  ensure  that  the  Town  continues  to  be  an
attractive place to live, work, and visit.

§195-119.2

Severability

If any provision of the zoning ordinance regulating landscaping is declared invalid by a court of
competent jurisdiction, such decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of
the zoning ordinance regulating landscaping and all such provisions shall remain in full force and
effect.

§195-119.3

Applicability

A.  The provisions of this article are applicable to the development or redevelopment of any
property after the effective date of this ordinance and located in an R-1, R-2, B-1, MHP-
1, and M-1 zoning district, downtown sign district, or to any use requiring a conditional
use permit approval.

7  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

B.  When  an  existing  use  is  expanded,  enlarged,  or  redeveloped,  only  those  portions  of  the
property  subject  to  the  expansion,  enlargement,  or  redevelopment  are  subject  to  the
provisions of this section of the ordinance.

C.  It is not the intent of this ordinance to regulate landscaping for single-family dwellings or

two-family dwellings.

§195-119.4

General Requirements

A.  Landscaping  within  a  sight  distance  triangle  shall  not  include  any  evergreen  trees,  and
shall not include shrubs exceeding three (3) feet in height above the ground at maturity.
Tree limbs in a sight distance triangle shall be raised to ensure visibility for motor vehicle
safety.

B.  When a calculation of the number of required trees and/or shrubs results in a fractional

amount, the fraction shall be rounded up to the next whole number.

C.  Existing vegetation within the development area is encouraged to be retained and may be
used to meet all or part of the landscaping requirements.  No tree or shrub less than three
(3) inch calipers shall be counted when utilizing existing vegetation.

D.  All  landscaped  areas  shall  be  covered  with  an  appropriate  ground  cover,  mulch,  or

decorative landscape stone.  The use of gravel and/or riprap is discouraged.

E.  All  slopes  shall  be  covered  with  an  appropriate  ground  cover.    The  use  of  riprap  as

groundcover on slopes visible from the public right of way is discouraged.

F.  All trees and/or shrubs used to satisfy this ordinance shall be of native origin.  No tree,
shrub  or  groundcover  contained  on  the  invasive  alien  plant  species  of  Virginia  list  as
maintained  by  the  Virginia  Department  of  Conservation  and  Recreation  (DCR)  may  be
used to satisfy the requirements of this ordinance.

§195-119.5

Landscaping Plan Required

A  landscaping  plan  shall  be  required  of  all  new  development  or  redevelopment  of  property
within  the  Town  for  commercial  or  industrial  purposes.    Multi-family  residential  dwelling
developments shall be considered commercial for the purposes of this ordinance.

A landscaping plan shall contain the following information:

A.  The location, size, height of planting, and botanical name of all required landscaping.

B.  The location, size, and botanical name of any existing vegetation proposed to be used

to satisfy any portion of this ordinance.

C.  The dimensions of all landscaped areas and islands.

8  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

D.  A planting schedule, including any fertilizer or soil amendment to be used.

E.  A general statement regarding the perpetual maintenance of the landscaping.

§195-119.6

Sign Area Landscaping

For  freestanding  signs,  landscaping  shall  be  required  around  the  sign  base.    Landscape
plantings shall be a minimum of one (1) small shrub per ten (10) square feet of sign area.
Plantings  should  be  grouped  creatively  to  enhance  the  aesthetic  appearance  of  the
freestanding sign structure.

§195-119.7

Foundation Plantings

A.  All sides of multi-family, commercial, or industrial buildings which are visible from the
public right of way or visible from an adjacent residential use type, shall be landscaped
with foundation plantings as follows:

a.  One (1) large shrub per ten (10) feet of building frontage;

b.  Two (2) small shrubs per ten (10) feet of building frontage;

c.  Plantings are encouraged to be placed in creative groupings along the perimeter of

the building;

d.  Variances  shall  be  granted  if  the  zoning  administrator  finds  unfavorable
topography  or  other  physical  impairments  of  the  parcel  render  compliance
impractical.

§195-119.8

Utility Screening

A.  Loading  areas,  refuse  areas,  storage  yards,  stormwater  management  facilities,  HVAC
equipment, water vaults, or other objectionable items shall be screened from view of any
public right of way or any adjacent residential use type.

B.  Stormwater  management  facilities  intended  to  be  displayed  as  a  water  feature  or

naturalized planting areas are exempt from screening requirements.

C.  Screening  may  be  accomplished  by  any  combination  of  existing  evergreen  vegetation,
walls,  fences,  earthen  berms  and/or  new  evergreen  vegetation  appropriate  to  screen  the
equipment or activity.  The required height of screening at installation shall be sufficient
to screen the equipment or activity.

D.  The use of chain link fence as the sole method of screening is prohibited.

9  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

§195-119.9

Buffering

A.  In all instances where commercial use type, industrial use type, multi-family dwelling use
type,  or  parking  area  is  located  adjacent  to  any  residential  use  type,  a  vegetative
evergreen buffer shall be established on the property for which said buffer is required.

B.  Where  required,  the  buffer  area  shall  be  a  minimum  of  twenty  (20)  feet  in  width
extending along the entire length of the development area and shall generally be required
along  the  property  line  unless  topographic  or  other  considerations  would  make  it  more
effective located back from the property line.

C.  The vegetative buffer shall consist of a staggered row of evergreen trees.  Shrubs may be
used as supplemental filler if necessary.  The evergreen tree material shall be a minimum
of four (4) feet in height at the time of planting.  The evergreen tree line shall be planted
in  rows  fifteen  (15)  feet  apart  and  staggered  ten  (10)  feet  on  center.    An  earthen  berm
may  be  used  as  well.    The  earthen  berm  shall  vary  in  height  and  width  and  shall  be
curvilinear  in  form  and  provide  a  gentle  tie-in  with  the  existing  grade.    On  average  the
height of the earthen berm should be three (3) feet in height.

D.  Existing  vegetation  may  be  used  to  satisfy  this  requirement.    Supplemental  evergreen
material  may  be  needed  to  meet  the  buffering  requirements.    The  need  for  additional
evergreen material shall be at the discretion of the zoning administrator.

E.  No  proposed  building,  building  addition,  structure,  parking  area  or  other  physical  land

improvement shall be located in the buffer area.

§195-119.10

Installation Guidelines

A.  The  planting  of  trees  and  shrubbery  shall  be  installed  in  accordance  with  the  standard
landscaping  specifications  of  the  Virginia  Society  of  Landscape  Designers  and/or  the
Virginia Chapter of the American Society of Landscape Architects.

B.  Landscaping  required  by  this  ordinance  shall  be  planted  during  an  opportune  planting
season,  and  shall  be  in  place  and  in  good  condition  prior  to  occupancy  or  the
owner/developer may provide a guarantee in a form acceptable to the Town that ensures
installation.  Said guarantee shall be equal to the cost of the installation remaining to be
installed.    A  bona  fide  cost  estimate  on  company  letterhead  issued  by  a  recognized
landscaping firm or nursery shall be provided along with the guarantee as verification of
the guarantee amount.

C.  All  landscaping  included  in  the  guarantee  shall  be  installed,  inspected,  and  approved

within six (6) months of acceptance of the guarantee.

10  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

D.  If during times of severe drought or water emergency, the owner/developer may request
in writing an extension of the time period allowed for planting any required landscaping.
The zoning administrator may permit the delayed installation at his/her discretion.  Upon
declaration of the end of said drought or water emergency, the owner/developer shall be
required to install the required landscaping within six (6) months.

§195-119.11

Maintenance

Required  landscaping  shall  remain  alive  and  in  good  condition  in  perpetuity.    The  property
owner  shall  be  responsible  for  the  ongoing  protection  and  maintenance  of  all  required
landscaping in a manner consistent with the approved site development plan.

§195-119.12

Alternative Landscape Plan

Upon  written  request,  the  Town  Council  may  approve  an  alternative  layout  to  the  required
landscaping provided that the spirit and intent of the ordinance is preserved and the goals of this
section are assured.

Section 2.  Effective Date
This ordinance is effective December 13, 2010.

After  reviewing  the  public  testimony,  the  public  record,
the  Planning  Commission’s
recommendation,  and  the  goals  and  objectives  of  the  County’s  Comprehensive  Plan,
Councilmember Spiggle made a motion, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted to
amend and readopt the Town of Appomattox Zoning Ordinance by revising certain provisions of
the zoning ordinance text as described in the attached ordinance.

Voting YES: Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Mayberry, Conner, Bennett.
Voting NO: None
Absent: None

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council to
authorize Mayor Harvey to execute an amendment to Consultant Services Agreement between
the Town of Appomattox and MRG Consulting, LLC.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted
to adopt the following resolution:

RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES
DMV SELECT OFFICES

11  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 13, 2010

WHEREAS, the Department of Motor Vehicles – Appomattox DMV Select office, provides a
convenient means of conducting vehicle related transactions for citizens of Appomattox County
and surrounding localities; and

WHEREAS, there is a need within Appomattox County and surrounding localities to retain this
service as convenient as possible; and

WHEREAS, the Appomattox DMV Select office is conveniently located between Farmville and
Lynchburg, Virginia and serves rural localities and those who work or travel through them; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, a locality within the Commonwealth of Virginia is also
increasingly aware of budget restraints and cutbacks, this DMV Select service is vital to this
area as it provides intangible services to Appomattox;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX that the Town wholeheartedly supports the continuation of DMV Select offices
throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia including Appomattox.

Voting on the motion was as follows:

AYES:  Bennett, Conner, Garrett, McDearmon, Mayberry, Spiggle.
NAYES:  None.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted
to hold a Council Work Session on Friday, December 17, 2010 at the Olde Frozen Food Locker,
263 Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia beginning at 8:00 a.m.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted
to cancel the Workshop meeting of December 28, 2010.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Council Concerns – None.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:25 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

