1   Regular Council Meeting
     Tuesday, October 9, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Tuesday, October 9,
2012 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others Present:  Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W.
Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed everyone.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck also led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments:
The Mayor reminded everyone of the upcoming 40th Annual Historic Appomattox
Railroad Festival this weekend October 13-14, 2012.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of October 9, 2012 with addition of NB -2 –
Consideration to approve a request by Liberty Baptist Church to place the synthetic ice
skating rink in the library parking lot for the Community of Candles on Sunday,
December 2, 2012 and the week following and NB – 3  Discussion of a request by the
Appomattox Youth Sports program for a donation of funds for the lights at the
Appomattox Community Park.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –
Mayor Harvey presented a donation request for the Virginia Autumn Special.  After
much discussion, the Council agreed to one of the two options presented in the following
motion.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to authorize
town staff, if requested, to provide labor for road closure/traffic control and clean up OR
to provide a $400 donation to offset expenses of the Virginia Autumn Special Train
Excursion on Saturday, November 3, 2012.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to authorize allowing
Liberty Baptist Church to use the parking lot at the Jamerson Memorial Library to place a
Synthetic Ice Skating Rink on Sunday, December 2, 2012 and the following week for the

2   Regular Council Meeting
     Tuesday, October 9, 2012

Community of Candles event.  The Town requested to be named as an additional insured
on the Certificate of Insurance.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Council discussed the request of the Appomattox Youth Association for additional
funding for the lighting project at the Appomattox Community Park.  Future
consideration will be given at a later date.

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:55 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

___________________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk of Council

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

