ai A

Recessed and Reconvened - October 7, 1997

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Tuesday, October 7, 1997 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present: S. E. Lawson, Marvin Mitchell, Rick Pack, R. L. Bass,
S. E. Carter, and Norman Mayberry.

Others present: William Phillips, Town Attorney, Cindy Smith, Times-Virginian,
Andy Carroll, Assistant County Administrator, Ann Coleman, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, Seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to approve
the Agenda of the recessed and reconvened Council meeting and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to approve the
change order to Counts & Dobyn’s contract as previously discussed and have
Hurt & Profitt prepare the order and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
(Project Amount $36,116.00)

The Council next considered the Regulations, Policies and Plans concerning the Community
Development Block Grant in the amount of $700,000 for sewer improvements, which were the
subject of the duly advertised public hearing held immediately preceding this meeting. Ona
motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council passed the following resolution:

Be It Resolved by the Council of the Town of Appomattox that it hereby adopts the
following Regulations, Policies and Plans as advertised in the attached Notice of Public Hearing.

Local Business and Employment Plan

Residential Anti-Displacement and Relocation

Assistance Plan

Non-Discrimination Policy

Fair Housing Certification Plan

Handicapped Regulations

Bass-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-aye Motion carried

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.

__ Kenabel thie Mrs0n
Ronald C. Spiggle
nied Batis tices

