310

Regular Meeting - October 13, 1998

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday,
October 13, 1998, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: Steve Lawson, Rick Pack, Joyce Bennett, R. L. Bass,
Norman Mayberry, and Marvin Mitchell.

Others present were: William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr.,
Cindy Smith, Times Virginian, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. R. L. Bass, Council voted to approve
the Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Steve Lawson, Chairman of the Street Committee, reported that the Committee
recommends that Virginia Avenue Street name not be changed. It has been the same

for forty years. The Street Committee has no problem with the property owners making
the request to vacate a portion of Gregory Street. The Town does not wish to take

part in any lawsuit. .

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution to prohibit thru Tractor & Trailer trucks from Route 460 down Church Street,
to the intersection of Evergreen Avenue up to the Appomattox County High School.

Bass-aye Bennett-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye Pack-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. R. L. Bass, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to Table Item 1,
Unfinished Business, Repairs to the Lagoon Side Lines for Inflow & Infiltration and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to approve the
Design of the Lagoon Side Upgrade provided that the figures in the PER from Hurt
& Proffitt are the figures we will pay and that the hiring of the expert will not increase
the cost to the Town of Appomattox.

Bass-aye Bennett-aye Lawson-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mrs Bennett, Council designated the last week
in October, 26th thru the 30th, and the first week in November, 2nd thru the 6th, as
Fall Clean Up Weeks and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

