ref: reel_02_0267
date: 1952-05-19
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Mayor's Office on May 19, 1952, with Mayor G.B. Buchanan presiding. The following members were present: Dr. James, J.C. Caldwell, C.T. Moses, Jr., and Calvin Robinson. The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

At the April meeting Mrs. R. Reynolds requested a street light to be put in front of her store. This was referred to the Street Committee for recommendation. The Street Committee reported they saw no special need for a light at Mrs. Reynolds' store. Motion was made by Dr. James, seconded by C.T. Moses, Jr., that the Town Council support the recommendation made by the Street Committee that no light be installed. Motion carried.

Mrs. H.G. Johnson and her delegation appeared before the Council requesting Lucy Street be hard surfaced. Motion made by Dr. James, seconded by C.T. Moses, Jr., that this matter be referred to the Street Committee for his recommendation. Motion carried.

The Town Manager made a report to the Council on the correct width and location of Burge Street as recorded in the office of the County Clerk. The width being 25 feet and the grease rack at Bonny's Service Station being partly in the street and part of the loading platform at Dickerson's store being partly in the street. On motion made by C.T. Moses, Jr., seconded by J.C. Caldwell that the grease rack be sloped off and street 'No Parking' signs on side next to Mr. Dickerson's store, and see if this would solve the traffic problem, if not, then further action would be taken on the grease rack and loading platform at Dickerson's Store. Motion was carried.

The application of H.H. Repass for Town Police that was deferred from April meeting was again considered. On motion of Dr. James, seconded by Mrs. Robinson that the town do not employ a regular police but employ Mr. Stanley as a part time police for Friday Night and Saturday Night. Motion was carried.

The Street Committee made a report on the survey made by them on the street name signs and was approved by the Council and ordered the Town Manager to order the street name signs as per list furnished him by the committee, total of 40 name plates.

The Town Manager asked the Council for permission to pay all of John Stevens' salary out of the sewer fund, after some discussion this permission was granted.

There being no further business the meeting was adjourned to meet again at the regular meeting date, June 16, 1952.

Signed G.B. Buchanan Mayor

Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19751
record_id: 771
page_number: 1

