ref: reel_02_0379
date: 1961-06-19
content: JUNE MEETING 1961
The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's office on June 19, 1961 at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, Ivey Holland, R. R. Gilbert, Mrs. C. H. Robinson and Dr. S. R. Lawson.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by Dr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. Robinson, that the town request the Dept. of Highways to take over for maintenance the rest of High Street and finish out our quota on Linden Street from Maple Street to Burke Street. Motion carried.

Motion was made by Dr. Lawson, seconded by Ivey Holland, that the town install a street light on Price Lane on the proper pole. Motion carried.

Motion was made by Dr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town Manager make the necessary arrangements with Mr. C. T. Moses, Sr. for the lots to drill the new well. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of July 17, 1961.

Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr., Mayor
Chas. T. Moses, Jr.
Signed C. F. Hunter, Clerk

JULY MEETING
The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's office on July 17, 1961, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Charles T. Moses, Jr., presiding.

The following members were present: Ivey Holland, J. T. Almond, H. B. Pack, and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

A motion was made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Ivey Holland, that the Town Council moves that the collection for the merchant's license for the Wet End Market be turned over to the Town Attorney for immediate processing and collection and a report be made to the Council at the August Meeting. Motion carried.

Motion was made by H. B. Pack seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, That the Town donate $20.00 to the Appomattox Junior Chamber of Commerce for advertisement in the Jaycees Directory. Motion carried.

Motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by H. B. Pack, That the town set a tax of 30 percent of the appraised value of the real estate for 1961. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19863
record_id: 883
page_number: 1

