ref: reel_03_0295
date: 1978-01-09
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 9, 1978 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Pack presiding.

Those members present were: Thomas E. Conner, Burke Guill, R. L. Bass, M. J. House, Jr., and R. C. Spiggle.

Also present were Mr. R. W. Mullins, President, Appomattox County Jaycees.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. Mullins, appeared before Council to discuss a proposal for a new youth-oriented program of boxing. The Jaycees are considering sponsoring this program, but they need a place to hold the training sessions. He questioned whether the Town would be willing to lease the "Depot". Mr. Britton was requested by Council to check into the cost and liability to the Town and get back with Council.

Council discussed the Financial Statement for December.

Mr. Britton was authorized to check into the possibility of having someone like Fred Jones to contract to fill the Tank instead of drilling a well.

Council discussed the purchase of a new Police car and some equipment. Mr. House made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner to advertise for sale the old 74 Ford Torino with sealed bid with all members voting aye, and also to retain the right to reject any and all bids.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Bass, to pay the Town Manager mileage at $.15 per mile for use of his personal vehicle for official use and require a log sheet, payable once a month. All members voted aye.

Mr. Britton read of letter from Mr. Bass submitting his resignation as a Fireman. Mr. Bass cited business and health as the reasons for his resigning.

On a motion by Mr. House, seconded by Mr. Guill, to draft a letter to the paper commending Mr. Bass for his years of service and publish it in the Times-Virginian. All members voted yes.

Mr. Britton reported on a complaint from the Highway Department about the traffic hazard and congestion at the Post Office. Council referred the matter to the Police Department.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor

Signed B. J. Mullins Clerk
chunk_id: 20477
record_id: 1497
page_number: 1

