1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, January 26, 210

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 26, 2010 at 6:00
pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent:  Karl E. Carter.

Others:  Chad Millner, Bill Goodrich, June Goodrich, Stephanie James, Clifford Harvey, Bart S.
Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

On a motion by Councilmember Williams, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, the
Appomattox Town Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of
the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of a specific public
employee, specifically being Employee A.

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry –aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.
Carter – absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge:  (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry –aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.
Carter – absent.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to workshop meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck provided a special prayer for the Appomattox community in wake of the
shooting tragedy of January 19, 2010.

There was no action as a result of the closed session.

Councilman Bryan J. Baine asked that council consider assisting Appomattox County in securing
funds for the Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail.  The grant received by the County is
a 20% matching grant.  The EDA easement is valued at $25,000 leaving a balance of $78,000 to
be matched by the County.  Councilman Baine requested that council consider make a donation
of at least 15% of the $78,000 which would be approximately $11,700.00.  Council agreed to
discuss the request during the FY 2011 budget process.

Standing Committee Reports –
Finance Committee – Will be meeting February 10, 2010 at 4:00 p.m.

Fire & Safety – Is planning a meeting for next week.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, January 26, 210

Ordinance Committee – No report

Personnel Committee – Will be meeting February 3, 2010 at 4:00 p.m. to review applications for
the position of Treasurer.

Street & Property Committee – Met on January 21, 2010 and discussed possible projects for next
year.

Utility Committee – Will be meeting Thursday, January 28, 2010 at 4:00 p.m.

Updates from Staff Meeting –
Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager highlighted items in the Manager’s Report.

Council Concerns -
Councilman Williams noted the tourism report.  Visitor Center traffic was up 23.4% year-to-date
through December – Broke the 20,000 visitor mark this year with 20,767.  Sales at the visitor
center were up 33% over 2008 sales.  “Kudos to the Tourism Department”.

Mayor Harvey noted the Town Clerk’s continuing education for the Master Municipal Clerks
designation.

Councilman Baine thanked everyone who made donations to the Civil War Preservation Trust in
order to secure the land for the Battle at Appomattox Station.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:40 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

