1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, January 11, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, January 11, 2010 at
7:30 pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent:  Karl E. Carter.

Others:  Paul Kvasnicka, Richard C. Wilson, Chad Millner, Bill Goodrich, June Goodrich, Mary
Lou Spiggle, Stephanie James, Hazel Thomas, Barbara Shelton, Clifford Harvey, Bart S. Van
Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the guests.

Pastor Paul Kvasnicka gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams,
Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of January 11, 2010 as presented.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Public Comments –
Richard C. Wilson, 514 Gum Branch Road, Appomattox, Virginia –
It is very disturbing to read about Council’s concern over the brick façade of the front of the
store.  I have been in Appomattox since the early 80’s and has been fighting to get Wal-Mart
here.  There are many people who need jobs and food to eat and the color and style of the Wal-
Mart should not matter.  The Town should be trying to get businesses here to keep Appomattox
growing and keep families here.

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey thanked Carla Moore for her service to the Town.  Carla resigned effective
January 1, 2010.  Mayor Harvey also wished Mr. Karl Carter a continued speedy recovery.

Unfinished Business –
An update on the Student of the Month program was provided Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs.  She
contacted Mr. David Reed, Assistant Principal at Appomattox County High School and Mrs.
Martha Eagle, Principal at Appomattox Middle School.  Both are excited and would be grateful
to work with the town on the project.

Mr. Mayberry asked if anyone had contacted the school board?

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs responded that the school board is concerned with the budget and policy.

Mr. Mayberry said he thinks it is a good idea but thinks the school board should approve it.

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs stated that she believes the principals are acting within their authority.

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, January 11, 2010

Mr. McDearmon asked Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs if she was proposing to implement the program at
the High School, the Middle School or both?

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs responded both or alternating between the two schools.

Mr. McDearmon said that if two students were chosen each month we’d need to two plaques.

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs said that would be correct.

Mr. Mayberry said he thinks we are just opening the door for future requests.

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs reminded Council that the people in authority have stated that they
support the program.

Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs made a motion to proceed with the Student of the Month
program, rotating monthly between the Middle School and the High School.  After much debate,
the motion was seconded by Councilmember Baine.  The motion was amended by
Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs and Councilmember Williams to implement the Student of
the Month program, rotating between the High School and the Middle School, after sending a
letter to the School Board informing them of the program and the approval by principals at each
school and pending approval and/or a written response from the School Board.  Vote – Baine –
aye, Mayberry – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye, McDearmon – no.  Motion
carried 4 to 1.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted to
adopt the 2010 Appomattox Town Council meeting schedule as presented.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs,
Council voted to adopt the following resolution:

A RESOLUTION TO SUPPORT CONTINUED STATE AID TO
LOCALITIES WITH POLICE DEPARTMENTS
(599 PROGRAM FUNDS)

Whereas, the Commonwealth of Virginia is considering reducing or deleting 599
program funds in the upcoming fiscal year to reflect the downward projection of revenues; and,

Whereas, Section 9.1-169 and 9.1-170 of the Virginia Code determines the formula for

distribution of these funds; and,

Whereas, it is suggested that the General Assembly and Governor comply with this statue

in this regard; and,

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, January 11, 2010

Now, therefore, Be It Resolved that any reductions or deletion to the 599 program

greatly impacts the Town of Appomattox as allocations derived from this program are used to
supplement the Town’s contractual agreement with Appomattox County for police services; and,

Be it, Further, Resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council direct the Clerk of Council

to mail a true copy of the approved Resolution to Delegate Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr. and Senator
Frank M. Ruff, Jr.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Appointments to Board, Commissions and Committees -
None

Pending Matters -
None

Council Concerns -
None

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:52 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

