JOINT MEETING – JULY 28, 2005

A Joint Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on Thursday, July 28, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center, Park Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.

Members present:  (Town Council)  John L. Wilson, Steven E. Lawson, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Jr., Joyce Bennett, Marvin H. Mitchell.  
Members Absent:  N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry and Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor.

Members present:  (Board of Supervisors)  Samuel E. Carter, Chairman, Shawn A.
Armbrust, Thomas H. Conrad, William H. Craft, Russell H. Moore.

Also present:  Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
		John G. Overstreet – County Attorney
		David Garrett, Jr. – Town Manager
		David Hawkins – Town Attorney
		Bill Gillespie – Region 2000 Commission
		Jeff Rogers – Region 2000 Commission
		Gary Christie – Region 2000 Commission
		Walter Hancock – Consultant, Wiley & Wilson

At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter gave the invocation and asked every one present to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.

Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to call the meeting to order.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Vice-Mayor Mitchell called the Town Council to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to approve the following resolution:

Resolution of Support
Request to the 
National Park Service – Rivers, Trails, and Conservation Assistance Program

WHEREAS, the National Park Service provides technical assistance through the Rivers, Trails, and Conservation Assistance Program to help communities conserve and enhance cultural and nature resources; and

WHERAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to the preservation and enhancement of the historic, cultural and resources within the Town; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, in partnership with Appomattox County and the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park, held a Community Visioning Workshop to develop a sustainable vision for the community; and


Page 2
July 28, 2005

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to increasing pedestrian access to resources within the Town and is committed to increasing the opportunities for recreation and leisure activities; and

WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Greenways and Blueways Plan identifies a trail corridor within the area of Appomattox and Appomattox Court House National Historical Park as a priority project within the regional plan; and 

WHEREAS, Town of Appomattox recognizes the importance of highlighting the unique cultural and historical qualities of the community to ensure the quality of life for its residents now and in the future; 

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL that the Town of Appomattox wholeheartedly supports the application to the National Park Service – Rivers, Trails, Technical Assistance Program and hereby respectfully request that the National Park Service look favorably upon the application submitted by the County and Town of Appomattox.  
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion made by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to give the Town Manager permission to sign A Special Order by Consent Issued to the Town of Appomattox Permit Number VA0020249 provided the Town Attorney is in agreement with the order.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

David Garrett instructed those present on how to approach the podium for delivering their comments.

Mr. Carter then gave the Rules of Procedures for Addressing and Making Comments.

Mr. Carter stated that as part of the ongoing process, the Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox Board of Supervisors has solicited as part of this process, citizen comments in regards to this very important project that is being undertaken and that is being looked at.  That is the purpose of this Citizen Comment Period.  With regard to this, we need to have some guidelines that we would like every speaker to follow in order to keep this organized and a session that will be of benefit to all concerned.  Those guidelines are as follows:
1.	During the comment period, citizens wishing to address the Board and the Appomattox Town Council should clearly state their name and address.
2.	No individual citizen will be permitted to address the Board and Town Council for more than three (3) minutes.  Three minutes is sufficient to express ones views or have questions and answers.

Mr. Carter then introduced Mr. Bill Gillespie, part of the staff that has undertaken to research this venture, provided feedback and data with regard to this project.

Mr. Gillespie introduced the panel that has been working on this project.  Walter Hancock formerly with Wiley & Wilson; Jeff Rogers and Gary Christie with Region 2000 Regional Commission.

Page 3 
July 28, 2005

Mr. Jeff Rogers stated that the Commission has looked at what they consider the best feasible alternatives for this project.  The first thing he would like to talk about is what this group should look at concerning the costs of evaluating a capital project.  Costs involved are your operating costs:  personnel, equipment and material costs.  These costs will increase over time.  There are also capital costs involved.  These costs will increase uniformly based on the amount of capital you borrow and annualize over a course of twenty or thirty years.  Basically, we will present six alternatives.  Mr. Rogers briefly discussed each of these alternatives:  
A.  Do nothing alternative – Continue to Produce Water
B.	Concord Waterline – Continue to Produce Water
C.	Concord Waterline – Purchase Wholesale from Local Purveyor
D.	Lynchburg – Mt. Athos area Waterline – Purchase Wholesale from Local Purveyor
E.	James River Intake – Produce Water
F.	Multi-purpose Reservoir – Produce Water
These last two alternatives will require a significant amount of capital.  Plus, there are regulatory requirements in developing a reservoir which may take ten to fifteen years or longer.  These costs were based on the existing town’s population because once these projects go into place the existing customers will end up paying for the capital improvements as well as the operating costs.

Mr. Gillespie stated that the last three alternatives would be the most costly.  There was also some discussion regarding the water-shed operation recently done in Nelson County.  Appomattox County presently uses about three times the amount of water of Nelson County.  Appomattox would require a much larger water-shed project at a much higher cost to build and operate, approximately 11 million dollars.

Mr. Carter then opened the session to citizen comments.

Dr. Betty Siano – 106 Virginia Avenue – Appomattox County.  Dr. Siano stated she resided in the Falling River Areas Subdivision.  She has spoken on this subject previously and has concluded that the Board does not care what any of the taxpayers think.  You do no really want our opinions, you must want us to think you do.  How many ways do we have to say NO WATER LINE!!!  We have presented petitions with over 2000 signatures, written letters to the newspapers and some have even resorted to putting bumper stickers on our automobiles.  Appomattox County residents have been betrayed.  We elected a COUNTY Board of Supervisors to represent all of us, not just those citizens living in the town.  If the TOWN wants more water, for whatever reason, let them have it and let them pay for it.  If you really want to know how everyone feels regarding the water line, a referendum should be placed on the ballot for the upcoming election.  Thank you.

 
Page 4
August 28, 2005

Ms. Sam Carter -  Rt. 3 Box 238 B - Appomattox County.  Ms. Carter wishes to speak regarding her concerns about the water for the County which she understands is a difference, if you live in town.  She is concerned about drought and economic development.  If today someone would do an extensive land use, that land use would be limited to the town because the town has the public facilities.  If we provide additional utilities and facilities along Route 460, we would be putting Appomattox County in direct competition with the Town.  The Town and County should be bound together.  She would not like to see the businesses in town moved out on Route 460.  She is also concerned that utilities along Route 460 will bring more residential areas, which will in turn mean more children to be educated, along with increased services from the Fire Department and Emergency Medical personnel.  This would also increase citizens concerns and what it would cost the County.  She pleads with the Board to carefully consider how they address the impact that will come from that water line.  How to insure that the right kind of development comes and how to deal with the future impact of such a water line.  We need a better response to these questions.  Thank you.

Mr. Bill Jamerson – P. O. Box 395 – Appomattox County.  Mr. Jamerson stated that he has had a number of individuals ask him how he feels about this proposed water line.  He is in support of an alternate water source, but is not supporting any particular alternative, but you have all the information before you to help you make this decision.  You have a tough job and a tough responsibility.  What is good for the Town is good for the County and vice versa.  We cannot sit ourselves out on an island.  We depend on joint localities for medical care, jobs, schooling, etc.  We have a Planning Commission which he supports.  We need to quit expending all the energy that has gone into letter writing, etc.  Some of this information is not the right information and some of it no one can quite understand.  We need to make a decision and move on.

Mr. Bill Slagle – Rt. 2 Box 400 – Spout Spring (Appomattox County) – Mr. Slagle commends the Council and the Board for the way they have dispersed information to the citizens.  The information is there should anyone want to find it.  He supports an alternative water source.  When he came to Appomattox County he worked as the Town Manager and the County Administrator.  At that time it was obvious that we needed to find an alternative water supply.  There are some who think we are setting on top of a underground river and all we need to do is a dig a hole to find water.  This is not true.  He supports an alternative water source and advises the Town Council and Board of Supervisors move ahead.

Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Town Council and Board of Supervisors.  He also thanked those who participated for their comments.




Page 5 
August 28, 2005

Mr. Carter asked if the Board and Council felt they had sufficient data on this project from Wiley & Wilson, the Regional commission and comments from others to move forward or do nothing.  He also stated he would entertain comments or motions from the Board to continue on this project, with the next step being to start negotiations.

Mr. Conrad stated that we do need a motion from the Board if we are going to move on with this and negotiate a contract with Campbell County PSA.  It would be to our advantage to find out what our cost would be, based on what we have heard and discussed in regards to Option 2B.

Mr. Craft stated he feels we need to move one, we have been dragging our feet long enough.

Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to negotiate with Campbell County for rates on this project.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Carter turned the meeting over to the Town Council for any action they wished to take.  

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council voted to join with the Appomattox County to negotiate with Campbell County for rates on this project.  Vote:  Bennett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Lawson – aye, 
Wilson – no.  Motion carried 3 ayes to 1 no.

At 7:34 p.m., Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adjourn.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.

							
David T. Garrett, Jr.					Marvin H. Mitchell,
Deputy Clerk 						Vice-Mayor






			
					
