ref: reel_03_0097
date: 1976-06-14
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday June 14, 1976, with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. The meeting was opened with a prayer. Those members present were R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, Jr., R. C. Spiggle, B. H. Guill, and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

Mr. Richard Burke was present to explain the need for expanded insurance coverage for protection to the Town for wrongful acts of the Appomattox Town Police force and for Public Official Liability Insurance coverage for all employees and officials of the Town of Appomattox. He explained that this expanded coverage could be obtained through an endorsement of our General Liability Insurance package. This expanded coverage could include raising the limits of our General Liability from $300,000 bodily injury and $25,000 property damage to $1,000,000 single limits (bodily injury and/or property damage) in addition to the wrongful acts coverage of the Town Police Force. He also explained the need for Public Official Liability Insurance for all Town employees and Officials of the Town. Motion was made by Spiggle and seconded by Hubbard to provide coverage under the expanded General Liability Insurance Policy for wrongful acts of Police Department and to provide coverage in the amount of $2,000,000 Liability for wrongful acts of officials and employees at a total cost of approximately $2,285.00. Ayes 5 Nays 0

Minutes of the May 10 meeting were read and approved as read. Motion was made by Guill and seconded by Hubbard to adopt the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia, that the Virginia Department of Highways is hereby requested to take over the following streets for construction and/or maintenance for the remainder of the 0.25 mile per year allotment for fiscal year 75/76.

1. Atwood Street from its intersection with North Church Street westward to its intersection with Lee Street for a distance of 466.9 feet. Right-of-way 30 feet recorded in Deed Book 25 page 336 with plat of Atwood Estate Subdivision dated September 29, 1925.
chunk_id: 20306
record_id: 1326
page_number: 1

