SI%

Regular Meeting — January 8, 2001

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 8,
2001, at 7:30 PM in the Town Office with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Joyce Bennett, Marvin Mitchell, Norman Mayberry,
Lewis McDearmon. Absent — W. H. Carson and Steve Lawson.

Others present were: Charles Garrett, Cheryl Rychkova, Times Virginian,
Mr. William Phillips, Town Attorney, David Garrett, Jr, Town Manager,
Christina Loh, Lynchburg News, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council approved the Consent
Agenda with the exception of Council Minutes dated December 11, 2000, also with
corrections for the date errors as noted by Town Manager, and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried. |

It was the general c« consensus of the Town Council that the Town follow the Personnel
Policy and observe the two holidays of Lee Jackson Day on January 12" and King’s
Birthday on January I5th. It was noted this is a legislative change.

On a motion by Marvin Mitchell, seconded by Joyce Bennett, Council voted to table
Item NB 2, Kathleen Frazier presentation on signage, until sometime in the future, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Lewis McDearmon, Council voted to
approve Change Order #6, on the Water Reclamation Facility, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a ‘motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Joyce Bennett, Council voted to authorize
David Garrett, to move the Truck Wash Pit from the Town Shop to the new Wastewater
Treatment Reclamation Facility and all those present voting aye. Motion carried. ~

