ref: reel_02_0620
date: 1972-08-28
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held on Monday August 28, 1972 with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: Mr. T. E. Conner, Mrs. Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and W. S. Slagle Town Manager.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mr. Maurice Anglen and Mr. Callahan, representatives of Norfolk and Western Railroad appeared before the Council. They announced that Norfolk & Western were making plans to do away with the agent and establish a mobile travel unit. If these plans are approved, they would lease the Station building to the Town. They asked the Council for a resolution stating that the Council would not oppose these plans.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the following resolution be passed:

WHEREAS, THE Norfolk & Western Railroad has plans to do away with the agent at the Appomattox Station and establish a mobile travel department which would provide better service to the Norfolk & Western customers,

BE IT RESOLVED, That this Council does not object to and will not oppose the establishment of a mobile travel unit.

Motion carried.

T. E. Conner reported that Mrs. W. E. Chenault inquired as to when the work would start on the proposed sidewalk in front of her property on High Street. Mr. Pack reported that the Town did not have the funds or the labor force to do this work. It was decided to check with Mr. Pittman on this project.

Mr. Hubbard was given the job of locating a new site for a Sanitary Land Fill.

Mr. Pack reported that the Town has an option on a new site for well No. 8 at a cost of $3500. A motion was made by Conner seconded by Guill that the Water Committee request bids for the new Well No. 8.

A discussion of the water and sewer agreements for Thomasville Furniture Company was held. It was decided that the Town should order the pipe and begin plans for supplying the 8" water line for the Company. Motion made by Hubbard and seconded by Conner.

The Council discussed the possibility of raising the cost of the Town tags as an additional source of revenue for the Town.

Mr. Hubbard reported that Robert E. Lee Academy needed a resolution from the Town declaring them tax free. Mr. Conner made the motion and Guill seconded that the following resolution be passed:
chunk_id: 20090
record_id: 1110
page_number: 1

