1  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
September 12, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council and Appomattox Town Planning Commission held a joint public
hearing on Monday, September 12, 2016 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building,
210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Town Council Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, M. Erin Finch and Claudia Puckette.
Abstaining:  Steven T. Conner

Planning Commission members present:  Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, and Roger Carson.

Others present:  Ashlie Walter, News & Advance; Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; George
Aznavorian, Steven Conner (Agent), Brad Bays, Basil Bays, Don & Nancy Wilks, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director;  Philipp Gabathuler, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the Town Council public hearing to order.

Marvin Mitchell, Chairman, called the Planning Commission public hearing to order.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the public hearing:

Latitude 37 Appomattox, LLC for Bays Trash Removal, Inc. does hereby request a
Conditional Use Permit in order to store portable toilets and service trucks as shown on the
Conditional Use Permit Plan as identified as Tax Map Identification Number 64A1 (A) 3.  Two
to three employees will be on site at various times throughout the day.  Trucks are filled with
water each morning and waste is emptied each evening.  This parcel is approximately 85.5 acres
in size and is located on 310 Furniture Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.  The property is zoned M-1,
Industrial, however any structure to be erected or land to be used shall require a conditional use
permit.  Town Code Section 195-14, Uses Not Specifically permitted; special exception allows
for any use not specifically listed in the use chart to make a request to Town Council for
approval by special exception.

Basil Bays and Brad Bays made a presentation for the CIP application.  Mr. Gabathuler added
that the application has been amended to remove the emptying of waste.  The application is now
just to store the port a johns on site and fill with water.  Mr. Bays is withdrawing the dumping
aspect from the Latitude 37 Appomattox LLC site as it will only be used as a temporary site until
the Vera site is fully developed.

Ms. Spiggle asked how many toilets they envision storing on the Latitude 37 Appomattox LLC
site?  Mr. Bays said 8 currently.  In the winter months it could be 20-30 units.  The main location
will remain in Bedford.

Ms. Spiggle asked is it their intention to move to Vera since the Board of Supervisors approved
that site earlier this year?
Mr. Bays said they bought the property earlier this year and yes, they still plan to move there.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
September 12, 2016

Mr. Gabathuler stated that Council could impose a maximum number of units to be stored on
site.

Mr. McDearmon asked if the request is strictly for storage.  Would you also clean all the units
before coming back to the storage lot?  Mr. Bays said yes.  The toilets would be cleaned before
coming back to the site, simply because it is much easier to transport an empty toilet.

Mayor Harvey said the storage units are well hidden?  Mr. Bays said yes.  Mr. Conner showed
the area on the map of the property.

Mayor Harvey – Do you have a timeframe for the Vera site?  Mr. Bays said he was not sure at
this time.

Mayor Harvey – changing the dumping, changes everything, not that I’m a voting part of it.

Public Comments:

Elizabeth Gilliam – 236 Dunn Roamin Road, Appomattox, Virginia
A citizen of Appomattox County, I want to make it clear I appreciate that this is a City Council
Meeting and you have some things you want to make some decisions on tonight but I feel the
County and City work well together over the years and that communication makes all the
difference.  When I initially heard about this project I was shocked but sitting here this evening I
feel much more reassured about what I am hearing particularly Mayor Harvey about the aspect
of bringing material in and dumping.  I am also assured that this will be a temporary location and
that when their plans are complete at their everyday site they will move there.

As an everyday citizen my shock came from having any operation like this right in the heart of
our tourist district.  Where people from all over the world come basically because of the
surrender grounds just a stone’s throw away was terrifically unappealing.  I didn’t think this was
the foot we wanted to put forward to the rest of the world.

Hearing what I have tonight I feel reassured that all of that is going to take place and this is
temporary and rather small in nature.  Again, thank you for letting a non-citizen of your city
limits speak tonight.

Sam Carter – 307 Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia
Thank you Mayor Harvey, Council Members, Town Manager and Madam Clerk – I brought with
me the questions I had at the last public hearing and after hearing what I have tonight and talking
with the gentleman before the meeting, I am overjoyed and feel good about this change of
events.  I appreciate the people that worked on this to get this to the stage it is now.  Thank you
again.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Joint Public Hearing
September 12, 2016

Church and Main, LLC
Mr. Gabathuler spoke regarding the Conditional Use Permit application for 1848 Church Street.
The request is for the owner to reside on the 2nd floor.  The Planning Commission raised
concerns of parking and safety.

Mr. and Mrs. Wilk’s, owner/applicant spoke to the former Tea Room being a vacant building for
a number of years and their desire to purchase the property and open a business there.  They have
spoken and met with the building inspector regarding their request to live on the 2nd floor.

Questions from Council – none
Questions from the Planning Commission – none

Mr. Gabathuler requested to add this item to tonight’s Regular Council meeting agenda.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn the public
hearing.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carson, the Planning Commission recessed for
their regular monthly meeting.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

