1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 26, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on September 26, 2016 at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Member absent:  M. Erin Finch

Others:  Jeff Elder, Facilities Director and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call Council meeting to order and stated the purpose.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to convene in closed
session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion of the resignation of a specific public appointee of the Town, specifically
being Appointee A.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member McDearmon Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:  McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye,
Garrett – aye, Finch – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 7:00 p.m.
with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

