1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
September 27, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, September 27,
2016 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Ashlie Walter, News and Advance; Daniel Puckette,
Times Virginian; George Aznavorian, and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Council Workshop meeting to order.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a Resolution –
Amendment to the Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the
Fiscal Year 2016-2017 Budget for the Town of Appomattox – Personal Property Tax Relief
Rate:

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
TOWN COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2016-2017 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN
OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2016, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 47.73% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 47.73% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use vehicles,
farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax relief under
this program.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

There was information provided to Town Council regarding the Surveying/Engineering services
fee proposal for sidewalk and drainage improvements in the Meadowlark Project Area.  $7,000
of the proposal will be reimbursed by the Community Development Block Grant for the
Meadowlark Improvement Grant and the other $7,000 will be an expense to the Town.  This item
will be presented for Council’s consideration at the October 17, 2016 Regular Council meeting.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
September 27, 2016

At this point in the meeting the following statement was issued from Steven T. Conner for the
next two (2) motions:
I, Steven T. Conner, will abstain from voting or participating in discussion on this petition due to having
a personal interest in this transaction.  I am disqualified from participating in this transaction pursuant to
Subdivision A 1 of Section 2.2-3112 of the Code of Virginia.  My interest is that I serve as the real estate
agent for the property owner, Latitude 37 Appomattox LLC.  My real estate business is known as Steven
T. Conner Real Estate, 536 Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, the Appomattox Town Council approved the
Conditional Use Permit application to a Planned Unit Development as shown on the attached
documents – 1) Conditional Use Permit and 2) Development Guidelines for Tax Map # 64A1
(A) 3.  Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes,
Conner – abstaining.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to authorize Mayor
Harvey to sign the Conditional Use Permit for the Planned Unit Development for Latitude 37
Appomattox, LLC for Tax Map # 64A1 (A) 3.  Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle
– yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner – abstaining.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the signature
cards at Farmers bank of Appomattox and Branch Banking and Trust (BB&T) for all accounts by
removing Philipp U. Gabathuler and adding Sharon M. Layne, Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Jr., and Paul D. Harvey.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Staff Member Updates:
Mr. Elder advised Council that as of yet the grass at the Appomattox Children’s Park (Kiddie
Park) is still not growing.  The smoke testing on the Town’s sewer system is still ongoing.  The
blacktop will be installed near the sidewalk replacement soon.

Ms. Casto advised Council that Logics (computer software) would be on site soon for computer
training for the Town Treasurer.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Garrett thanked Mr. Aznavorian for his interest in the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.
with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

