1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, September 9, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, August 12, 2013 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner, Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Jonathan Watson, Stephanie James, Stacey Wilkes, Bill Gillespie, and Roxanne
Paulette.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Jonathan Watson, Pastor, Bible Baptist Church led the invocation and Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments –
Invited citizens to attend the September 24, 2013 Council Workshop to hear a presentation on the
formation of the Town’s EDA.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adopt the consent agenda as presented with the addition on NB #4 – Consideration to change
the October 15, 2013 Regular Council meeting to Wednesday, October 16, 2013 and to cancel
the Finance & Planning Committee meeting for October 2013.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted
to adopt the following resolution:

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
TOWN COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2013-2014 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN
OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2013, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 53.5% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 53.5% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, September 9, 2013

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to approve the following lease agreements effective November 1, 2013:
Country Charm lease of 967 square feet at the depot for $241.75 per month; Arts & Crafts
Cooperative lease of 1125 square feet at the depot for $281.25 per month; and the DMV lease of
1120 square feet at the Municipal Building for $500.00 per month.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to adopt the following resolution:

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2014 Operating Budget for the Water and
Sewer Funds for the North Avenue construction project.

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2013-2014 Operating Budget of the Water Fund and Sewer Fund to appropriate
the funds for construction of the North Avenue project:

Water Fund Expenditures

Capital Improvements

Net Increase in Budget

Water Fund Revenues
Use of Reserves

Net Increase in Budget
Sewer Fund Expenditures

Capital Improvements

Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Fund Revenues
Use of Reserve

  $65,558

 $ 65,558

  $ 65,558

  $ 65,558

  $ 58,500

 $  58,500

  $  58,500

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, September 9, 2013

Net Increase in Budget

  $  58,500

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2014 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Amended this 9th day of September 2013.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted to
change the October 15, 2013 Regular Council meeting to Wednesday, October 16, 2013 and to
cancel the Finance & Planning Committee meeting for October 2013.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Town Manager Report – none

Citizen Comments – none

Council Concerns – Mr. Conner apologized for missing the August Workshop meeting.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:43 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette , MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

