ref: reel_02_0337
date: 1958-04-21
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on April 21, 1958, with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding. The following members were present: C. Lewis McDearmon, T. Hunter Dickerson, John S. Grinels, G. E. Smith, C. C. Poe and J. C. Cadwell.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved, as read.

Motion was made by J. C. Cadwell, seconded by G. E. Smith, That any person residing in the metered zones requesting the Town Manager for a parking space be given a parking space on the Town Parking Lot properly marked off. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, That the Town Manager write the Board of Supervisors, that after due consideration the Council feels the County should pay $100.00 towards establishing or erecting the necessary facilities at the dump, including the road and share equally the expense of maintenance in the future. If this is not accepted by the Board of Supervisors on or before the May meeting it will be necessary for the Town to close the Town Dump to everyone except the citizens of the Town of Appomattox. Motion carried.

Motion was made by T. Hunter Dickerson, seconded by G. E. Smith, That the Town have Geo. P. Abbitt, Jr., to prepare a deed for 30 feet right-of-way into the Town Dump from J. C. Caldwell's property for the sum of $1.00. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. C. Poe, That the Town Manager have the road properly fixed to the Town Dump as soon as possible. Motion carried.

Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by J. C. Cadwell, That the Town grant Miss Emma Smith's request to have her property at the rear of Robinson's Furniture Store maintained as Private Property. Motion carried.

Motion made by C. C. Poe, seconded by John S. Grinels, That the Town install a septic tank for Mrs. Don Moses if acceptable to her. Motion carried.

Motion was made by J. C. Cadwell, seconded by G. E. Smith, That one parking meter be installed in front of Appomattox Hardware Co. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, That the Town hire another Policeman at $100.00 per month. The first consideration be given Mr. Walker Garrett. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of May 19, 1958.
chunk_id: 19821
record_id: 841
page_number: 1

