ref: reel_02_0286
date: 1953-10-19
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on October 19, 1953, at 7:30 p.m., with President Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, G. E. Smith, C. C. Poe, D. A. Christian and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

A Motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by G. E. Smith that M. A. Stanley's expense account be increased from $4.00 to $6.00 per day, effective November 1, 1953. Motion carried.

A Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Firemen are to have sandwiches and coffee on Halloween night. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that Harry Jarrell, Harold Nash and John Stevens be paid $1.00 per hour for sweeping the street on Sunday morning. Motion carried.

A Motion was made by D. A. Christian seconded by G. E. Smith that the Town buy 10 trash containers of all metal construction with swinging doors. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith seconded by J. T. Almond that all water lines now in use carrying Town water and all future lines carrying Town water through the water meter will be the property of the Town. Motion carried.

A Motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by D. A. Christian that the Town install a water line to the four houses above Liberty Cemetery providing the property owners will sign a contract to use town water in the future. Motion carried.

A Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by J. T. Almond, that the Town adopt the resolutions for building the sidewalks on Route 131 and 460. C. T. Moses, Jr., President of the Council and acting Mayor and C. J. Hunter, Town Clerk, are hereby authorized to sign the above resolutions and the necessary papers on behalf of the Town of Appomattox. Motion carried.

The meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of November 16, 1953.
chunk_id: 19770
record_id: 790
page_number: 1

