1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2017

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 8, 2017 at
5:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.  M. Erin Finch – arrived at 6:05 p.m.

Others present:  Clarence Monday, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order at 5:15 p.m.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of interviewing prospective candidates for the position of Town Manager with the Town
of Appomattox, specifically being prospective candidate B and for the purpose of discussion of
prospective candidates for employment, specifically being applicants for the position of Town
Manager.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Finch – absent, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Council Member McDearmon made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote – Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Finch – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Rev. Brian Moore gave the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2017

Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

To receive public comments concerning the following:

Proposed FY 2018 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with
§15.2-2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed
by the Town of Appomattox for FY 2018:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
2,553,191.00
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURES  123,500.00
962,320.00
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
3,315,248.00
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
6,954,259.00
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

2,553,191.00
123,500.00
962,320.00
3,315,248.00
6,954,259.00

Documentation is available at the Appomattox Town Office, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  For
questions, please contact Clarence C. Monday, Interim Town Manager at
434-352-8268.

There were no public comments made during the hearing.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Public Appearances
None

Mayor’s Comments
Mayor Harvey recognized Mrs. Casto for Municipal Clerks Week.

Consent Agenda-
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for May 8, 2017 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business
None

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2017

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt a budget
resolution amending the FY 2017 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2015-2016 for
the carry forward of funding of incomplete projects from FY 2016.

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

1.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2017 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2016-2017 for the carry
forward of funding for incomplete projects

General Fund Expenditures
Property Maintenance & Construction
Public Works Building
Town Hall Improvements
Kiddie Park Improvements
Sidewalk & Curb Improvements

CDBG/Meadowlark

Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
CDBG/Meadowlark Grant Revenue
Net Increase in Budget

$26,695.00
$29,895.00
$70,093.00
$64,980.00

$990,421.00

$1,182,084.00

$191,663.00
$990,421.00
$1,182,084.00

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2017 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this _____ day of ____________, 2017.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to extend the Curbside
Solid Waste Collection contract dated July 1, 2014 for three additional years, commencing July
1, 2017, expiring June 30, 2020.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2017

Council Standing Committee reports
None

Citizen Comment Period
None

Town Managers Report-
Mr. Monday reported on the following items:

-  There will be a pre-bid meeting on May 9, 2017 for the Kiddie Park project.
-  The I & I construction bids were due today at 2:00 p.m.  There was a lot of interest.
-  The search continues for a Town Treasurer.  Several candidates have been interviewed

and analysis of the candidates continues.

Council Concerns:
Ms. Spiggle cited this week as Public Service Recognition Week to honor public servants to
local government connecting citizens with local government employees.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to provide 4 hours of
recognition leave for Town employees.  Leave must be taken within one (1) year and is to be
coordinated with their supervisor.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 pm.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

