ref: reel_03_0138
date: 1976-11-08
content: The Appomattox Town Council received and opened bids as advertised in the Times-Virginian, for Demolition of Old Hotel, Construction of Parking Lot and Lee Street, on November 8, 1976. Bids were opened in presence of Council Members and other interested persons by Mr. William Berkley of May-Hines and Associates at 7:00 P.M.

Bids were as follows:
1. D. S. Nash Construction Co. $39,970.00
2. W. F. Moore Construction 31,917.50
3. T. E. Brown Construction 28,450.00

All bids were accompanied by 5% bid bond and other bid documents as required. Mr. Berkley and Ralph Hines absented themselves to look over the bids and determine that all were in order. After a short time, Mr. Hines and Mr. Berkley returned to Council with the recommendation that T. E. Brown Construction Company be awarded the contract.

Motion by R. C. Spiggle and second by M.J. House, Jr. that T. E. Brown be awarded contract as per bid. Motion carried Ayes 6 Nays 0.

Immediately following Bid Opening, Town Council met in regular monthly business session with Mayor Pack presiding. Meeting was opened with prayer. Those in attendance were T. E. Conner, B. H. Guill, R.L. Bass, R. C. Spiggle, M. J. House, Jr., and R. C. Hubbard.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read. Minutes of a special council meeting on October 20, 1976 were read and amended as follows: to show that motion was made by Conner and seconded by Hubbard; and show Spiggle and House voting no.

Council was brought up to date on the revised alley plan for the Downtown Project. Alley drawing has been revised to by-pass B.W. Harvey property.
chunk_id: 20345
record_id: 1365
page_number: 1

