1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 11, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, January 11, 2016 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Mr. and Mrs. Donald Wilk, Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; Ashlie Walter,
News & Advance; Carlton Duck and Brian Moore, Alive Media TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; and C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager, and Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck gave the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey welcomed everyone back and hopes everyone is eager to start the budget process.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for January 11, 2016 as presented with the addition of New Business #4 – Committee
Reports.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Ms. Puckette, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to reappoint S. L.
Ferguson to the Appomattox Town Planning Commission with a term to expire on December 31,
2017.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 11, 2016

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to table, until the February
2016 Council Meeting, the appointments/reappointments to the Town of Appomattox Economic
Development Authority.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the 2016 Town
Council meeting schedule.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the FY 2017
Capital Improvement Plan for the Town of Appomattox.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner – no.
Motion carried 5-1.

Commendation Reports/Recommendations:
On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council agrees to partner with the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for signage to recognize the Appomattox County High
School 2015 Football team at a cost to the Town not to exceed $3,000.00 from the General Fund
Undesignated Fund Balance.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Gillespie advised Council that the advertisement for the position of Town Manager would be
appearing this week.

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Council Concerns:
Ms. Spiggle asked that consideration be given for a future agenda item.  The item would be
moving the election to every 4 years instead of every 2 years with staggered terms in November
rather than May.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

