1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
Thursday, September 20, 2018 – 5:30 p.m.

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Thursday, September
20, 2018 at 5:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Steven T. Conner.

Absent:  Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Gary L. Shanaberger, Town Manager; Sam Vance, Attorney, Overbey, Hawkins
& Wright, and Christy Torrence, Office Manager.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call Council meeting to order and stated the purpose of the
Special Call Council meeting as a closed session.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted to
convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town regarding
specific legal matters requiring the provision or legal advice by such counsel, specifically being
the claim arising from a sewer backup at 182 Virginia Avenue.

Vote:  J. Garrett – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
absent.

Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Boyce and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:  J. Garrett – aye, Boyce – aye, Spiggle – aye, T. Garrett – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
absent.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
Thursday, September 20, 2018 – 5:30 p.m.

With no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 6:15 p.m.

Christy J. Torrence, Office Manager

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

