1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 9, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, March 9, 2020 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Facilities Director, Jeff Elder; Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Town
Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Clerk of Council, Roxanne Casto.

Others present were Robin Snyder, Daniel Puckette, Nathan Simpson, Richard Conner and
Carlton Duck.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church gave the invocation, and led the
Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
The Appomattox Railroad Festival Scholarship Committee will host a Brunswick Stew on
Saturday, March 21, 2020 beginning at 8:00 a.m. at 569-A Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Pre-orders are available by calling 434-352-9525.  Cost is $8.00 per quart.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Robin Snyder, Superintendent, Appomattox Court House National Historical Park appeared
before Council to provide updates at the park.  She also thanked Council for their consistent
commitment to the FLAP (Federal Lands Access Program) project.  Although the project was
not successful, she is hopeful the application can be resubmitted some time in the future.  She
explained trail system improvements and special events planned over the next several months at
the park.

Ms. Snyder has been serving as the Superintendent at the Booker T. Washington National Park
in addition to the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park since June 1, 2019.  The
Appomattox Court House National Historical Park will be addressing accessibility issues from
the parking lot to the McLean House.  Boundary adjustment are planned by the Civil War
Preservation Trust & Battlefield Protection Trust.

The National Park Service will be replacing the sewer force main and pump station in the next
18 months.  The National Park Service will be paying for the replacement.  In the future, the
utility service agreement will need to be revised.

Mr. Conner thanked Ms. Snyder for all she is doing at the park.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 9, 2020

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for Monday, March 9, 2020 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

RESOLUTION

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE ROUTE F1013 BE ABANDONDED FROM THE
STATE SYSTEM OF PRIMARY ROADS

Whereas, PURSUANT TO Section 33.2-902 Code of Virginia, the Commissioner of the Virginia
Department of Transportation has provided this Board with its notice to abandon from the
primary System of State Highways a 0.02 mile section of Route F1013 located in the Courthouse
voting district, as described on the attached form, fully incorporated by reference, are shown on
plats recorded in the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, and

WHEREAS, the Resident Administrator for the Virginia Department of Transportation has
advised the council that the abandonment of F1013 only serves one property owner, and is a
portion of Right -Of-Way in the State System of Primary Roads and

WHEREAS, the Council opened up at least Thirty (30) day period of review on January 29,
2020 for the public to determine if a public necessity exists, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Council supports Virginia Department of
Transportation proving no public necessity exists to abandon F-1013, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Council supports Virginia Department of
Transportation’s action to abandon from the Primary System of the State Highways F-1013
pursuant to section 33.2-902 of the Code of Virginia, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copied of the resolution be forwarded to the
Resident Administration for the Virginia Department of Transportation.

The Vote was:  Aye:  J. Garrett, J. Boyce, M. Spiggle, T. Garrett, S. Conner and C. Puckette.

 Nay: none

Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 9, 2020

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following activities:

➢  On March 3, 2020, he met with the Virginia Department of Transportation

(VDOT) to discuss the possibility of a Smart Scale project for the Lee Grant
Avenue street improvements.  Mr. Shanaberger explained the application process
for the Smart Scale program.

Mr. Shanaberger requested Council consider appropriating $5,000 for Hurt &
Proffitt, Inc. to assist with application from the General Fund Engineering budget.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to put a $1,000,000 to a
potential Smart Scale project to be funded over four (4) years into a designated fund ($250,000
per year and also designate $5,000 for Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. to help with the application process.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mayor Harvey left the meeting at 8:10 p.m.  Vice-Mayor, Timothy Garrett, presiding.

➢  US Cellular applied for a zoning permit and allow a cell tower on the Thomasville

property and will be performing a balloon test on March 21, 2020 with an
alternate weather date of March 22, 2020.  The zoning matter will require a joint
public hearing of the Town Council and Planning Commission, tentatively
scheduled for Tuesday, April 28, 2020.

➢  Matt Perkins with the Central Virginia Planning District Commission continues to
look for a project with the remaining CDBG Greater Meadowlark project funding.

➢  Mr. Shanaberger, Sheriff Simpson, Rev. Small and Mr. Jonathan Garrett met to

discuss the July 3rd festivities.

➢  The Appomattox Town Planning Commission met on March 3, 2020 to review
the comprehensive plan.  The changes and updates from the retreat have been
incorporated.

➢  The Town Economic Development Authority met on March 10, 2020.
➢  The Façade Advisory Board and the Project Management Team for the
Appomattox Downtown Revitalization project met on March 11, 2020.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Jonathan Garrett met with Sheriff Simpson and Major Richardson this evening and they had
a made a request to the County Board of Supervisors for raises for the law enforcement officers.
There is a chance that the state may come through and fund an increase for them, but I would
like to see the Town match whatever the County does for the two (2) Town positions.  It would
be $4,340 for each position.  It is contingent upon the state not following through and the County
funding the request.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 9, 2020

Mrs. Puckette agreed with Mr. Jonathan Garrett.

Mr. Jonathan Garrett – The Appomattox Sheriff’s Office would be competitive with adjoining
localities.

Mr. Timothy Garrett will get with Gary and Jeff regarding some neglected cemeteries.  He would
like for the Town to go out and revitalize these cemeteries and get money donated to put fences
up around them.  One is in the middle of town and the other one is near the bypass.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 8:20
p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

