1  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
January 29, 2019 – 6:00 p.m.

The Appomattox Town Council held a Council Workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 29,
2019 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present: Jonathan D. Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Members absent:  Steven T. Conner

Others present:  Michelle Payne, Times-Virginian; Nathan Simpson, Nick Walton, Jeff Elder,
Carlton Duck, Beatrice James, Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager
and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mrs. Ray introduced Ms. Beatrice James.  Ms. James appeared before Council requesting a
payment arrangement for one of the rental properties on Court Street.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to approve a 12-month
payment arrangement for $834.76 equally $69.56 per month plus any new monthly charges.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the following
write-offs that have exceeded the statute of limitations:  Real Estate - $406.88; Personal Property
- $5,944.15 and Utilities - $4,118.91.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the purchase
of a John Deere 5090 E Utility Tractor for $52,268.28 and to allow purchase of bush-hogging
equipment.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to add a Closed Session
to the end of the agenda.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Committee Reports – Mr. T. Garrett will set a date for the next Physical Development
Committee at the next regular meeting.

Staff Reports:

Town Treasurer
Mrs. Ray provided the December 2018 Financial Report.  She continues to review software
companies.  Mary Earhart will be working with Mrs. Ray on pre-audit services.  The pre-audit
activities and audit fieldwork are nearing completion.  Mrs. Ray and Mrs. Glover attended a
training seminar hosted by Brown Edwards in Charlottesville in January 2019.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
January 29, 2019 – 6:00 p.m.

Town Manager
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following items:

➢  The Town received a letter from the Virginia Department of Transportation not

recommending the two-way stop Church Street at the corner of Main Street.  They did
provide two other options – A side road, right turn and speed bump/raised sidewalk on
Church Street near Main Street.

➢  Pino’s Pizza had concerns of the Utility Rate increase.  Mr. Shanaberger met with Mario
and he understands the Town’s issues but is hopeful the Town can find other ways to pay
for the infrastructure improvements.

➢  Mr. Shanaberger is waiting for Brown Edwards to respond to questions regarding

depreciation and why the Town needs to take it into consideration when adjusting the
rates.

➢  Mr. Shanaberger will be attending the Rural Caucus Reception tomorrow, January 30,

2019 in Richmond, Virginia.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Council Member J. Garrett, seconded by Council Member Spiggle, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A)1 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of performance of specific public employee, specifically
Employee A.

Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, J. Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, Conner – absent, Puckette
– yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member J. Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Boyce and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

3  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
January 29, 2019 – 6:00 p.m.

Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, J. Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, Conner – absent, Puckette
– yes.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

