# WORKSHOP MEETING – June 22, 2004

Page 2 of 2


All members present voting aye. Motion carried.
Mayor Spiggle read into the record Mr. William M. Phillip’s resignation as Town
Attorney. oo,
June 15, 2004
Dear Mayor-and Members. of Council:

It is with sincere regret that } must advise you that for personal and health reasons | must curtail
my law practice. After talking with the Town Manager; I think it appropriate for my resignation as Town

’ Attorney to. be effective this date.

[have enjoyed very much working with the Mayor, Council and staff for the last eight years, but
feel that the time has come for me to retire from the practice of law, which I have enjoyed for the past
- forty-seven. years,

Trecommend that the town join the Local Government Attorneys Association of Virginia, which I
of LGA and can attend its meetings.

As it used to be said in earlier times, I am now and remain your most humble and obedient
servant. : . ; . :

William M. Phillips

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember
Mayberry, Council voted to accept with regret the resignation of William M..-
Phillips as Town Attorney. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Councilmember Bennett, secorided by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to secure the legal counsel of Overbey, Hawkins, Selz and Wright
to perform legal services for the Town of Appomattox. All members present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Lawson,
Council. voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion

carried.
| Ras Suigle
| Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

Roxanne WwW. Paulette, CMC
Poo Fown- Clerk se a

= ~ ~ = June 34 2004 SSG SS RISE OS tee SS a A

helped create in 1975. This will be of great benefit to my successor, who will then receive the publicatiotis”