# REGULAR MEETING – June 14, 2004

Page 10 of 12


~The 147 2004 se

d. Camps, resorts day. & & night with lim ited plumbing (per campsite)...
TEETER TEOUTETOT ESE ELISED $95.00
e. Luxury camps with flush toilets (per camp site),..$185.00.
f. Swimming pools (per swimmer-design capacity).$30.00
10. Any proposed use not covered above or in cases where a higher factor, hardship or community

waiver is recommended by Staff, the Town Council shall make the final decision based upon
written application with supporting data.

. ACCOUNT CHARGE - $10.00
The purpose of this charge is to defray the cost incurred in establishing the new customer account.

‘ DEPOSITS
The Town of Appomattox is authorized. to require the following deposits from persons opening
new water and/or sewer accounts:

: In-Town Out-of-Town
a. Residential Customers $100,00 $100.00
b. Business, commercial and institutional customers
(1) with 3/4" meter connections $100.00 | $100.00
(2) with 1" meter connections $ 100,00 $150.00
G Commercial customers . $ 200,00 $300.00

The Town may also in its discretion, require additional deposit if the size of the service warrants.
Deposit is to offset one two months average charge which may become delinquent. At such time
- as water and/or sewer service is. discontinued, the deposit shall be returned to the person making
the deposit. Any deposit not claimed after one (1) year after the depositor ceased to use Town
~ water and/or sewer service shall be deemed abandoned’ by the depositor and ‘shall not be subject to
reclamation. When the person opening a new account.owns the Property tobe supplied with water
or sewer; the Town may not require a 2 deposit

BILLING POLICY
All bills are due and payable upon receipt. If not paid within thirty (30) days, a penalty in the
amount of 10% of the bill will be added. If the bill and penalty are not paid within ten (10) days
of the penalty date, service will be discontinued. If service is requested during the next ten (40)
days period, a reconnection charge of $30.00 and the past due bill and penalty must be paid prior
to service being restored. If service is not restored within ten (10) days after discontinuation of
service, a service charge of $3.00 per month or any portion of a month will be assessed, When
restoration of service is then requested, the past due bill, penalty and reconnection charge
(availability charge) will be due before service is restored. Seasonal disconnection’s will also be
subject to an accrued service charge of $3. 00 per month or fraction thereof and a $30.00.
reconnection fee, .

UNAUTHORIZED CONNECTIONS/CROSS-CONNECTIONS : .
The connection for any other water supply to the Town’s system is strictly prohibited. See Cross-
Connection Control Policy.

Cross-Connections of a private or an auxiliary water system to the Town’s public water system is
restricted according to the WATERWORKS REGULATIONS FOR PUBLIC DRINKING
WATER SUPPLY as adopted by the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Public Health.