# REGULAR MEETING – June 14, 2004

Page 2 of 12


~ June" {4,; 20047

Finance Committee
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to allow the Town Manager to purchase the video equipment
necessary for recording Council Meetings to be aired on cable channel 7:not to
exceed $5000. Councilmember McDearmon called for thé Question meaning to
limit debate. All in favor of a limited debate. ‘All voting aye. All members
present voting aye on original motion. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember Lawson,
Council voted to grant the Conditional Use Permit to Percy Kidd with no
conditions as recommended by the Appomattox County Planning Commission.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to move remaining funds in the line items for

~ Kiddie/Abbitt Park 105000.5040, Sidewalks & Curbs 104700.6090, Town
Welcome Signs 104700.7080 to a Certificate of Deposit for future use. All

members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to waive the entertainment fee of $25.00 for the
Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival 5K Foot Race on Saturday, October 9;
2004. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711(A)(7)
of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended for the purpose of consultation with
legal counsel and briefings by staff members or consultants pertaining to actual
or probable litigation, where such consultation or briefing in open meeting would
adversely affect the negotiating or litigating posture of the public body; and
consultation with legal counsel employed or retained by a public body regarding
specific legal matters requiring the Provision of legal advice by such caunsel,

VOTE:
Bennett - aye, McDearmon ~ aye, Mayberry — aye, Carson — aye, Mitchell — aye,
Lawson - aye.