# WORKSHOP MEETING – August 24, 2004

Page 1 of 2

StS

WORKSHOP MEETING — August 24, 2004

A Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday,
August 24, 2004 at 7:00 p.m, at the Muntelpa Building with Marvin Mitchell,
Vice-Mayor presiding.

Members present: Joyce B, Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis.
McDearmon, Jr., John L. Wilson, Steven E. Lawson. "—

Others presént: David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town
Attorney, Charles Garrett, Larry Mobley, Mr. and Mrs. Carlton Duck, Chad

: Denton, Times Virginian, and Roxanne W. Mundy, Town Clerk.

Marvin Mitchell, Vice-Mayor called the meeting to order.

Ona mation by Councilmember Wilson, recommending adoption of a Resolution:

_ Earlier Release and Availability of Agenda Packets, died as a result of not

receiving a second. °

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to convene in closed session, pursuant to Section 2.2- -
3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of ~

consultation with legal counsel employed or retained by the council regarding

specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel,
specifically being legal issues relating to negotiations for proposed guidelines set ”
by the Department of Environmental Quality for zinc and copper issues at the

-Wastewater Treatment Plant on Church Street and the SBR Plant on Ethel Street.

All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business

‘matters lawfully exempted under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and

(2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion by which
the closed meeting was convened were heard, discussed or considered in the
meeting by this council.

Vote: Bennett ~ aye, Mayberry — aye, McDearmon — aye, Wilson — aye, Lawson
— aye. Motion carried.