164

Page 2 of 3
June 14, 1993

On a motion by Mr. H. W. Conner, seconded by R. L. Bass,
Council voted to deny the request from J. E. Jamerson

& Sons, Inc. for a Conditional Use Permit to build Apartments
on Route 727.

Mitchell-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye
Lawson-abstains (does not understand)

Mr. Mitchell reported on the Street Committee. They
recommend that we do not designate a handicapped space but
do dsignate the two outside spaces as the Visitor Center
parking.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to grant the Visitor Center two spaces, for parking in the
lot and the last space will be for handicapped, if required,

and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council

voted to designate "No Parking" in front of the Hardware

Building, and if possible to mark off two spaces in front
of the Babcock Building and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to reaffirm the purchase of the 1993 Chevrolet PickUp
and the Tractor with a bushhog, and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle appointed a Special Committee to study
the question of Council members pay. It will consist of
H. W. Conner, R. W. Mitchell, and W. H. Carson, Chairman.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to refer the request of clarification of Council's pay
to the Special Committee and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to deny the Arts Council's request if they ask for funding.

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye lLawson-aye Mitchell-aye
Conner-nay Motion carried 5 to 1 vote.

