1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 26, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, May 26, 2020 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, and Steven T. Conner.

Town Council members absent were Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Facilities Director, Jeff Elder (via phone); Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger;
Town Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Town Clerk, Roxanne Casto.

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and allowed
public phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution of the Proposed Charter Amendment:

RESOLUTION

Whereas, the Appomattox Town Council met on the 26th day of May, 2020 and hereby requests
by resolution of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Virginia to amend the Town’s
Charter as follows:

Proposed Charter Amendment, Town of Appomattox

These changes are to take effect on July 1, 2021, if approved by the Town voters at the special
election in May 2020, and subsequently approved by the General Assembly.

 § 1  Election and appointment of officers, etc.

There shall be elected by the qualified voters of said town, every two years, on the first
Tuesday in May of every even-numbered year, one elector thereof, who shall be
denominated the mayor, and six electors, who shall be denominated the councilmen of
said town.;  The mayor and six councilmen shall constitute the council of said town.
The town council may appoint a treasurer, commissioner of revenue and shall have the
authority to appoint or employ a town clerk, a treasurer, a commissioner of revenue, a
town manager, and the same person may serve in one or more of such capacities, and
whenever deemed wise a health or sanitary officer, and such other officers as it may
deem wise and necessary appropriate for the proper conduct of the government of the
said town., and appoint committees and boards, and prescribe and fix their duties, and
shall have power to fix the salary and compensation of said treasurer, town clerk, town

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 26, 2020

manager and such other officers, necessary, but such compensation shall be fixed by
said council before the officer chosen shall assume the duties of his office;  The same
person may serve in one or more of such capacities. The town council shall have the
power to fix the salary and compensation of said employees and appointees as
necessary, but such compensation shall be fixed by said council before the individual
chosen shall assume the duties of office.   The town council may also appoint
committees and boards, and prescribe and fix their duties.

 § 4  Terms of office; vacancies and how filled.

The mayor and members of council shall enter upon the duties of their office on the first
day of July, next succeeding their election, and shall continue in the office until their
terms have expired, and their successors shall have been elected and qualified. in office
on July 1, 2021 shall continue in office until the expiration of the terms for which they
were elected or until their successors are elected and qualified.  At the next election of
members to the town council held on the first Tuesday in May 2022, the three council
candidates receiving the greatest number of votes shall be elected for three and one-half
year terms, and the three council candidates receiving the next greatest number of votes
and the mayor shall be elected for one and one-half year terms.  Thereafter, the council
members shall be elected for terms of four years, and the mayor shall be elected for
terms of two years, or until their successors are elected and qualified.  An election shall
be held on the Tuesday following the first Monday in November 2023 for the three
council seats first expiring and for the mayor, and on the Tuesday following the first
Monday in November 2025 for the three council seats next expiring.  Elections
thereafter shall be held every two years on the Tuesday following the first Monday in
November.  The term of each person elected under this section at a November election
shall begin on January 1 next following the election.  In case of a vacancy in the office
of mayor, or councilmen, elected by the electors of said town, caused by death,
resignation or otherwise, such vacancy shall be filled by a majority vote of the town
council from the electors of the town for the unexpired term.

Roll Call Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, S. Conner – no.
This Resolution was adopted by a majority vote of the Appomattox Town Council at its May 26,
2020 meeting.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 26, 2020

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer presented the Treasurer’s Report for April 2020.

Roxanne Casto, Clerk – none

Jeff Elder, Facilities Director – none

Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager reported on the following activities:

➢  Thank you and congratulations to staff for completing the water research grant

application in one week.

➢  A decision regarding the curbside trash bids is expected in the next week.
➢  The vultures appear to be under control.
➢  The comprehensive plan update will be ready for review in July.
➢  Fireworks are still planned for Friday, July 3, 2020.
➢  The History Channel will be airing an Appomattox mini-series about Ulysses S. Grant.

Council Comments:
Ms. Spiggle thanked those Town citizens that voted in the recent Town election.

Mr. J. Garrett would like for Council to recognize Ms.  Sabrina Smith at the Council meeting on
June 8, 2020.

Anne Dixon, Appomattox County Parks, Recreation and Tourism will be invited to attend and
explain the shop local discount program to Council on June 8, 2020.

Town Council discussed the reduced water and sewer rates provided during April and May 2020
due to COVID-19.  They were agreeable to returning the regular rates into effect for the June
billing period and restarting the penalty for late payments but continue with no cutoffs for non-
payments.

Town Council discussed the Business License Stimulus (tax refund) program for Town
businesses that were in operation in October 2019; and having purchased a 2020 business
license.  The refund is up to $500, based on the amount paid.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. S. Conner, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:05
p.m.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

