1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, August 25, 2009

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on August 25, 2009 at 7:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Jennifer
Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent was Karl E. Carter.   Also in attendance were Chad Millner, Nina
Beasley, Mary Lou Spiggle, Cliff Harvey, Joyce Bennett, Stephanie James, Benny Harvey, Mary
Williams, Carlton Duck, Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette,
Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey asked Council for permission to allow Mr. Cliff Harvey to address council.

Mr. Cliff Harvey, 168 First Street, Appomattox, Virginia:
Mr. Harvey thanked council for the opportunity to speak regarding a petition that will be
circulating soon.

Mayor Harvey citing fairness to others gave an opportunity for anyone else to speak before
council.

There were no other public comments.

On a motion by Mr. Baine, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS AS AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVES FOR USEPA STAG FUNDING
APPLICATION/IMPLEMENTATION PROCESS

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox desires to enter into a grant agreement with the United
States Environmental Protection Agency for the purpose of upgrading its water and sewer
infrastructure, and

WHEREAS, the United States Environmental Protection Agency requires that the Town Council
of the Town of Appomattox provide a list of approved representatives which will be authorized to
execute official documents elated to the application for and securing of federal funds from the
United States Environmental Protection Agency to construct said improvements to the town’s
infrastructure, and

WHEREAS, it is the intent of the Town of Appomattox to proceed with these capital
improvements recognizing that without the financial assistance of the aforementioned grant
funds these improvements would not be possible.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox does hereby appoint Paul
D. Harvey, Mayor for the Town of Appomattox, and Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager
for the Town of Appomattox as its authorized representatives to execute any of the required

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, August 25, 2009

documents relating to the USEPA STAG funding application/implementation process mentioned
previously in the body of this resolution.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to suggest changing
the date of the joint meeting with the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to September 10,
2009 at 6:00 p.m., subject to the meeting being televised and with the details and format of the
meeting to be arranged by town and county staff.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

Reports & Updates

Finance – none
Fire & Safety – none
Ordinance – none
Personnel – Mr. Williams reported that a meeting will be set up for next week.
Street & Property – Mr. Baine reported that the committee met and discussed several topics.
Utility – Mr. Mayberry reported that it is possible there will be a joint Utility and Personnel
Committee next week.  Mr. Mayberry also reported on the SBR progress.

Staff Reports
Town Attorney – none
Town Manager – submitted

Council Concerns
Mr. Mayberry submitted a proposal to the Town Council members for discussion regarding a
letter received by the Spout Spring Ruritan Club soliciting donations for a concession stand at
the Appomattox Community Park (Police Tower Road).

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Williams, Council voted to adjourn at 7:40 pm.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

