1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 24, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 24, 2023 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Town Hall, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present: Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Nathan A. Simpson, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Sharon Walker, Times Virginian; Carlton Duck, Jeff Elder; Facilities Director;
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

DISCUSSION ITEMS:

Mr. Simpson led the discussion regarding the Historic Appomattox.org/com website which was
rebuilt in 2018. An explanation of the various organizations advertising /informing individuals of
Appomattox varies. The Virginia Tourism Corporation expresses that the responsibility of the
Tourism website for Appomattox should be the Destination Marketing Organization, which is
the Town of Appomattox. Mr. Simpson agrees CivicPlus or Granicus may be an option for the
Town website, he would like Council to consider advertising locally a Request for Proposal with
the published maximum budget to see if any local firms are willing to submit a proposal.

Mr. McGhee displayed his research of all the Appomattox related websites.

Mr. Simpson explained Experience Appomattox has the most up to date information, but it is a
pay to play environment of the Appomattox Tourism Committee.

Council agreed that all businesses need to be promoted. Council further encouraged Mr. McGhee
to request the Appomattox Tourism Committee allow him to attend a meeting and express the
Town’s concerns.

COUNCIL COMMENTS:

Mayor Conner - went to the Virginia Municipal League Local Government Day in Richmond,
VA.

Jane T. Allen - none

James J. Boyce –

Well, the eye sore on Confederate Blvd continues to have siding blowing across the street
anytime there is a windy event. We must do something with that building. Ms. Spiggle
said the building inspector says the structure is sound but agrees it is a safety issue. Mr.
Simpson said the value of the land will never exceed the cost to tear it down.  Mr.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 24, 2023

McGhee continues to discuss options with the Central Virginia Planning District
Commission regarding Brownfield funds. It is “study” money and may be able to tell us
what it might cost to remove the structure. The Town has something to start with. If there
were some public funds available the property owners seemed open to it.
All council members were agreeable with investigating the options for the building.

Mary Lou Spiggle - wished Claudia G. Puckette a happy birthday today!

Timothy W. Garrett - none

Nathan A Simpson – had several items:

Performance Evaluation - It is a new year and the Town’s four (4) key leadership
positions—Town Manager, Treasurer, Clerk & Utilities Director need executed
performance reviews.

Generators – Mr. Simpson inquired as to the status of the generator project. Mr. McGhee
said staff is ready to put it out for advertisement. Mr. McGhee also stated he is expecting
a 6–12-month lead time on equipment. Currently he has spoken with six (6) vendors.

Memorandum of Understanding - Mr. Simpson inquired if the Memorandum of
Understanding with Virginia Dominion Energy regarding the fiber has been
signed/executed. Mr. McGhee advised he did sign on behalf of the town and he would
check with Virginia Dominion Energy for an update.

Retreat - Mr. Simpson requested an agenda item for the June 2023 meeting reference the
Annual Council Retreat.

Sheriff’s Office Agreement - Mr. Simpson would like to see an increase in the Sheriff’s
stipend with a new agreement on January 1, 2024, in the FY 2024 budget.

Claudia G. Puckette - none

STANDING COMMITTEE REPORTS:

American Rescue Plan Act - Council provided consensus to spend $10,000 for Council room
equipment upgrades. The item was once proposed to be funded by the General Fund.

Mr. Elder suggests removing the wet vacuum and the Court-Main-Lee St waterline project from
the uncommitted funds, roughly $600,000 total.

Mr. McGhee commented that the ARPA funds can be used on a lot of things. Grant opportunities
exist for funding of water and sewer projects.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 24, 2023

STAFF REPORTS:

Jeff Elder - presented changing the benches on Main Street. The Appomattox Downtown
Revitalization grant project has four (4) benches in the design. The maintenance of the current
benches is extensive. Staff recommends using the allocated funds for replanting shrubbery
downtown to fund $5,513.10 (approximately) to replace the current benches. The shrubbery
replacement will be moved out until the outside depot renovations are complete.

Kim Ray - presented the financial report as of 12-31-2022, 6 months into the FY 2023 budget.

Mr. Terry McGhee - presented his written manager’s report outlining the following items:

•  Train Depot renovations
•  Written request received by the Appomattox Civil War Museum for $15,000 each year

for 5 years=$75,000

•  Leaf collection is extended until the end of January 2023
•  100th year anniversary of the Town of Appomattox
•  Website design

Mr. Simpson expressed his desire for a town cookout in August or September for FY 2024

ADJOURNMENT:

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Nathan A. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at
8:00 pm. All council members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

