202 A |

| Page3of3 | -
i Council minutes
March 9, 1998

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted in accordance |
with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia , Subsection 3, and Subsection 7, to go ; :
into Executive Session. :

Bass-aye Lawson-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to reconvene

into regular session in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of

Information Act, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, requires certification by
Council that the Executive Session conformed with Virginia Law, and that only such
public business matters as identified in the motion convening the Executive Session
were heard, discussed or considered by Town Council.

Ayes: Bass Mayberry
Lawson Pack
| | ' Mitchell
pou! Nays: None *

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table the question
of joining the IDA and County/Town Regional Industrial Park and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve the
Executive Board of the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

request from J. E. Jamerson & Sons, for a waiver of the penalty on the past due Town

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to deny the
Taxes for !997 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to recess and
reconvene on March 23, 1998 at 7:30 PM and all those present Voting aye. Motion carried.

A Property Committee Meeting will be held at 6:30, Ordinance Committee Meeting
at 7:00 and the Recessed and Reconvened Meeting will be held at 7:30 PM.

_

