1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, March 9, 2009

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on March 9, 2009 at
6:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council
members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky”
Williams, Karl E. Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Rev. Ernie
Lucas, Jeff Elder, Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield, Stephanie James and Roxanne W. Paulette,
Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon
and with the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to convene in Closed Session,
pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of
discussion of subject matter including the evaluation of prospective candidates as a specific
public appointee, specifically being appointees A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this council.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

The regular meeting began at 7:30 p.m.

Mayor Harvey welcomed everyone.

Rev. Ernie Lucas gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams and
with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of March 9,
2009 as presented.  Motion carried.

Mayor Harvey welcomed the Boy Scouts to the meeting.  They are working on their citizenship
badge.

Public Comments – none

Appearances – None

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, March 9, 2009

Unfinished Business –
On a recommendation motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs and with the council
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to accept the recommendation of the Fire & Safety
Committee to include the request of the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for
refurbishment of Engine 1 in the FY 10 budget for the Town of Appomattox.  The Town
percentage would be 25% of the total refurbishment amount of $115,000.00.  Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs and
with the council members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Appomattox Town Council desires to implement a Freedom of Information
Charge for Responding to a Request Policy; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox may charge the requestor for searching and copying
records; and

WHEREAS, the cost must be reasonable, and may not include overhead items such as utilities,
debt payments and the like (See Va. Code §2.2-3704).  The hourly salary rate of any town
employee who spends time researching and assembling records for the request may be charged,
as may actual copying costs; and

WHEREAS, if the Town custodian determines that the cost of responding will be more than $200,
he may demand the requestor to agree to pay a deposit in the amount of the projected costs.
Until the deposit is received, the time limits are tolled.  (See Va. Code §2.2-3704).  An estimate
will be sent in writing in order to avoid a claim by the individual that no deposit was requested,
and therefore the time was not tolled; and

WHEREAS, any citizen who desires to review a public record at the Appomattox Town Office is
encouraged to do so.  No charge will be made for perusing records in this office.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox Town Council does hereby adopt the
following charges:  Copy per page $0.25, Copy of DVD of any Regular or Workshop Council
Meetings $1.00 each and Labor – Hourly Salary Rate.

Aye:  Baine, Mayberry, McDearmon, Williams, Carter, Jamerson-Scruggs.
No:  None
Motion carried.

Council Concerns –
1.  Carter:

Councilmember Carter has received several complaints of dogs running at large.  He
requests council look into a lease law for the Town of Appomattox.

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, March 9, 2009

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to refer the matter of a lease law to the Ordinance Committee for discussion and creation.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2.  Mayberry:

Councilmember Mayberry advised Council of the water connection at the Middle School
for the Soccer fields.  The arrangement will mirror the procedure followed for the
baseball fields at the High School.

3.  Williams:

Councilmember Williams thanked the town staff for the outstanding job during the snow
removal of March 1 and 2, 2009.

4.  Mayor Harvey:

Mayor Harvey acknowledged the office staff and water and sewer departments during the
short staffing – Thanks for keeping the council going during this time.

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs and
with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

