# WORKSHOP MEETING – September 24, 2002

Page 1

12.

A Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, September
24,2002 with Mayor Spiggle presiding. .

Those members present were: W. H. Carson, Steve Lawson, C. Lewis McDearmon, and
Marvin H. Mitchell. Absent -N. H. Mayberry and Joyce Bennett

Others present were: Ned Cleland, Blue Ridge Design, William M. Phillips, Town
Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer. .

Mr. Ned Cleland, Blue Ridge Design, made a brief presentation on his Company and
their specialty. His expertise is in design and structural engineering, particularly in
concrete.

Ona motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to engage Mr,
Cleland, Blue Ridge Design, Inc. to study the design and plans for our SBR System,
relative to the settling basins for sludge, and make recommendations and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried,

Ona motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to adopt the °
Resolution for the Adoption of the Regional Initiatives and their Priorities by the Central
Region 2000 Regional Commission. ;

Carson-aye Mitchell-aye McDearmon-aye Lawson-aye Motion carried.

The question of the Town paying one-third of the $3500.00 for the Consultants fee to
study medical insurance premiums and plans will be taken up a later date.

Council agreed to move the October regular meeting to the 15" due to the second
Monday being a holiday. The October Workshop will be set for the 29" of October.
| November regular meeting is being moved to Tuesday also due to the holiday.

The Workshop for November is cancelled at this point.

Ona motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to expend the
monies to have the State Lab perform the ten samples on the Sewer Plant to see if the
Dissolved Clean Metals sample limits are back within a normal range and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried. :

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council affirmed the
purchase of a water meter to account for the water loss within the Town and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

> Zhe workshop-was over at 8:20-PM- - ; om

"Workshop Meeting — September 24, 2002 © oS See LGR BRE SS Har