# REGULAR MEETING – September 09, 2002

Page 1 of 2

4.70 . »

Regular “Meeting — Soper 2002 a a — . |
|

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, September
9, 2002 at 7:30 PM-with Mayor Spiggle presiding. .
Those members present were: C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell, W. H. Carson,
Joyce Bennett, and Norman Mayberry. Absent: Steve Lawson.

Others present were: Bill Gillespie, Region 2000 Regional Commission, Anne Dixon,
Recreation Department, Gary Gilliam, Brian Robinson, Lisa Knott, Times-Virginian,
William Phillips, Town Attorney, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, David T, Garrett, Jr,
Town Manager, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk. |

The meeting was opened with a prayer. ; . |

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to approve
the Consent Agenda as presented and all those.present voting aye. Motion carried.

Anne Dixon, Gary Gilliam, and Brian Robinson, appeared before Council to make a
presentation on the Community Park located on Route 613 on County Property. They ¢ are
only asking that we consider them for sewerage in the future. . | |
Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director, Region,2000, came before Council to make a Lt
presentation on the five priorities for the “Commission”, One of which is Insurance

Coverage for local government employees. He asked that a resolution of support be

adopted before the end of the year.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, Chairman of the Ordinance Committee, the Council voted
to approve the adding of a new section Number 74~ 8, which refers to fees charged for
Zoning (see attached copy).

Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell~aye Carson-aye :
Motion carried by 5-0 vote.

Ona motion by Mr. Mitchell, Chairman of the Ordinance Committee, Council voted to
amend and reenact Sections 74-142 and 74-177 of the Town Code, referring to permitted
uses in Residential Districts R-1, and Residential Districts, R-2, (see attached copy).

Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye
Motion carried 5-0 vote.

Council took a five minute recess.

__ Onamotion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to convene in °

Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2.3711, Subsection A, item 7, of the State