# SPECIAL MEETING – September 03, 2002

Page 1

A Special Call of Council was held on Tuesday, September 3, 2002 at 6:30 p.m. at the
Town Office with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: W. H. Carson, N. H. Mayberry, Marvin-Mitchell, C. L. McDearmon,
Joyce Bennett and Steve Lawson. ; ;

Others present: Jack Moeller (IMT), Chris Didio (JMT), Gary Miller MT), Gary
Loomis (Masters Engineers), Southard Brumfield (Booth & Co.), Hill Jones (H&P), Bif
Johnson (H&P), Earl Dickerson (H&P), William M. Phillips, Attorney, Charles Garrett,
Lisa Knott, Times Virginian Newspaper and Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk.

The purpose of the Called Meeting is for the following:

1) Consideration of placing Full Mandatory Water Restrictions.

2) Meet with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc., JMT, Masters Engineer, and Aqua-Aerobics to
discuss the repairs needed at the SBR Treatment Plant.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion made by Mr. McDearmon, Chairman, the Utility Committee recommended
that the Appomattox Town Council impose Mandatory Restrictions under Condition 4 of
the Town of Appomattox Water Conservation Plan effective today, September 3, 2002. --
All voting aye. Motion carried. ee p

On a motion made by Mr. McDearmon, Chairman, tlie Utility Committee further
recommends that Council pass an Emergency Ordinance to Restrict the Use of Water
Produced and Distributed by the Town of Appomattox Water System effective
immediately. The Town Manager will also notify all water customers by U.S. Mail of
the Mandatory Water Restrictions. All voting aye. Motion carried.

The following recommendation comes from Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. and JMT to repair the

SBR facility. :

- Install Pressure Reducing Values and Reinforce the Exterior Walls and Basins with a
minimum of 12” of concrete on the inside of the walls. This in no way changes the
volume of capacity permitted at the SBR facility.

~ Both basins will be fixed,

- Plans and Construction Draws will be delivered to the plant. (No presentation
needed),

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, c uncil voted to adjourn.

Mayor, Ronald C. Spiggle

arnt Ch). ete

Deputy Clerk, Roxanne W. Paulette

409