ref: reel_02_0424
date: 1965-10-20
content: Motion made by Burke Guill, second by Dick Bass that our street light be put on Va. Avenue on the proper pole. Motion carried.

Motion made by Mrs. C.H. Robinson, second by Dick Wingfield that the Town publish the following resolution:

Whereas, the naming of Miss Barbara Ware Thomas, daughter of Lt. and Mrs. L.E. Thomas, of Appomattox, as Queen of the National Tobacco Festival, Richmond, Va., and the subsequent honors pertaining thereunto, have and will bring great prestige, valuable publicity and continuing honor to our Town and area.

Therefore, Be It Resolved that The Town of Appomattox, as represented by its Mayor and Council herewith convey to Miss Thomas and her parents, sincere congratulations and salute her for the poise, beauty and talent which have won for her and our community this distinction.

Be it Further Resolved that a copy of This Resolution be spread upon the Minutes of The Town and a copy thereof be transmitted to Miss Thomas, and finally, that our citizens be encouraged to show in every appropriate way their appreciation for the privilege of being the home community of:

THE QUEEN OF TOBACCOLAND-1965

Committee Meeting

The committee appointed by the Council to negotiate with Mr. John Cole in regard to death of dairy Heifers due to poison placed on grass of Sewer Plant, in spring of 1965, met in the office of J.E. Sears & Co. on October 20, 1965 at 7:30 p.m.

Members present, Mr. Ivey Holland, Mr. Burke Guill, Mr. Harry Gordon Lawson, attorney, and Mr. Henry B. Pack.

The committee considered all evidence including additional evidence presented by Mr. Lawson.

The Committee approved the damage claim by Mr. Cole of 1062.00. Henry B. Pack, Chairman.

Signed
S.J. Pack, Mayor
Signed C.J. Hunter, Clerk
chunk_id: 19908
record_id: 928
page_number: 1

