1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 25, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 25, 2022 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Town Hall, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present: James J. Boyce, Sr, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson, and Mary Lou
Spiggle.

Absent: Timothy W. Garrett

Others present:  Sharon Walker, Times Virginian; Jeff Elder; Facilities Director; Drew Dearing,
Carlton Duck; Alive Media TV; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager
and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and opening the public hearing by stating the purpose:

PUBLIC NOTICE OF A PUBLIC HEARING

The Appomattox Town Council will hold a public hearing on Tuesday, October 25, 2022 at 6:30 p.m. in
the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Hall building, located at 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the proposed purchase
of real property located in the Town of Appomattox, more particularly identified as 0.225 acres,
Appomattox County tax identification number 64A513-9, currently owned by Anne A. Kerr, Watkins
Abbitt, Jr., and Corrine A. Hynes, for the price of $10,000.  Documents relating to the proposed
purchase, including a plat of survey, are available for review at the Appomattox Town Hall, 210 Linden
Street, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. or by calling 434-352-8268.

There were no comments received from the public.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Discussion Items:

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE PURCHASE OF LAND

Whereas, the Appomattox Town Council held a public hearing on Tuesday, October 25, 2022 in the
Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Hall, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia to receive
citizen comments regarding the purchase of land in the Town of Appomattox for the purpose of a
proposed parking area; and

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 25, 2022

Whereas, the land is located in the Town of Appomattox, and is described as follows:

All that certain lot or parcel of land, together with the buildings and improvements
thereon, and the privileges and appurtenances, thereunto belonging, situate, lying and
being in the Town and County of Appomattox, Virginia, fronting on Atwood Street
(Route No. T.1058), containing 0.225 acres, more or less, as shown on a plat of survey
entitled, “Boundary Survey 0.225 acres, Surveyed for Town of Appomattox…” made by
Michael Ray Goin, Land Surveyor, dated June 28, 2022, which said plat is attached
hereto and is recorded contemporaneously with this deed.

This  being  a  portion  of  the  property  conveyed  unto  Anne  A.  Kerr,  Watkins  Abbitt,  Jr.,
and  Corinne  A.  Hynes,  by  Deed  of  Gift  dated  November  10,  1994  from  W.  M.  Abbitt,
widower,  recorded  in  the  Clerk’s  Office  of  the  Circuit  Court  of  Appomattox  County  in
Deed Book 215, page 257.

The  grantors  reserve  unto  themselves  and  to  the  survivor  of  them  an  easement  for
parking on the property hereby conveyed to serve the reasonable needs of the business
located  in  the  adjoining  property,  being  identified  as  Parcel  I.  D.  #64A5-13-12.    This
easement shall terminate upon the death of the last surviving of the grantors.; and,

Whereas, the Town Council wishes to purchase such property for $10,000.00 subject to the aforesaid
easement; and,

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council authorizes the Town Manager, on
behalf of the Town, to purchase such property for $10,000.00, and to take all actions and execute all
documents necessary to effectuate such purchase.

The Appomattox Town Council does hereby adopt this resolution on October 25, 2022 at a duly called
workshop meeting.

__________________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, Simpson-aye, Puckette-aye. Motion carried 4-0.

DOMINION ENERGY AMENDMENT
The Council discussed the desire for Dominion to have a last mile provider for the fiber installed
before signing the amendment. After discussion, the Council provided consensus for the Town
Manger to obtain additional information from Dominion and report back to Council.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 25, 2022

RESOLUTION
DESIGNATING THE TOWN MANAGER AS THE SIGNATORY FOR FUNDING
AGREEMENTS WITH THE VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is a recipient of Virginia Department of Transportation
funds under various grant programs for transportation-related projects; and,

WHEREAS, VDOT has developed a Standard Project Administration Agreement that
establishes the terms and conditions of the funding with local governments; and,

WHEREAS, as part of that Agreement, the Town must provide VDOT with formal
documentation that indicates who within the Town has the authority to enter into such
Agreements.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby
authorizes the Town Manager and/or his/her designees to execute all agreements and/or
addendums for any approved projects with the Virginia Department of Transportation.

The Appomattox Town Council does hereby adopt this resolution on October 25, 2022 at a duly
called workshop meeting.

________________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

All members present voting aye, motion carried 4-0.

The Town Council requested the Town Manager to communicate any agreements with VDOT
before signing them.

Council Comments:

Mr. Boyce requested the American flags on Main Street either be taken down or replaced.

Mrs. Puckette wanted the other council members to know that one of the local businesses
expressed their appreciation to the Town Public Works employees and Appomattox Volunteer
Fire Dept for cleaning up from the vehicle fire on Friday, October 7, 2022.

Ms. Spiggle expressed her sincere condolences and sympathy to Mr. Garrett in the loss of his
mother-in-law.

Mr. Simpson requested an update on the Town website and Train Depot.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 25, 2022

Mr. McGhee responded to the question of the website, stating he is waiting on a response from
vendors.
Mr. McGhee said he was planning to address the Train Depot in his Manager’s Report.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:

Mr. Elder, Facilities Director, reported the Trickling Filter Plant sewer project is complete. The
punch list for the force main is still in progress. The Town is still waiting for USDA to approve
the plans for the Church Street Waterline project.

Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer presented the financial report as of September 30, 2022.

Mrs. Puckette inquired about the bids received for the generator project from ARPA funding.
Mr. Elder requested to meet with her and Mr. Garrett before providing a staff recommendation.

Mr. Simpson asked if the IT system equipment had been purchased? Mr. McGhee responded no-
this does need to be looked into as it is hard to find grant money for these items. It may be a
great use of ARPA funding.

Mrs. Ray also shared some of her research into the Town and County taxation issues.
Council thanked Mrs. Ray for her research.

Mr. McGhee, Town Manager updated the Town Council on the following items:

-The County is requesting assistance on 10-28-2022 with decorating of the Courtland
Festival Park for Christmas. Mr. Elder advised the Public Works Department has its
hands full with day to day activities. Mr. McGhee volunteered to assist. Mr. Simpson
suggested Mr. McGhee contact Mr. McCann at ACHS to see if the FFA students may
be able to help.
-Mr. McGhee met with Sheriff Simpson to discuss Council’s idea of a new drug dog
to help combat the rise in fentanyl cases. Also, Horizon Behavioral Health is willing
to attend a future council meeting.
-VDOT will be using ductile pipe on the Old Courthouse Road Smartscale project.
-The project manual for the Train Depot roof and decking renovations was received
this week. The project is expected to be advertised on October 28, 2022; a pre-bid
meeting to be held on November 15, 2022 and bids due on December 6, 2022.
-Lastly, requested permission to change the order of preference to those that can sign
A/P and payroll checks to the Town Manager and Treasurer.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, the Council voted to approve the Town
Manager and Treasurer to begin signing A/P and Payroll checks on a regular basis, effective
immediately.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 25, 2022

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

