ref: reel_03_0789
date: 1982-01-11
content: Regular Meeting - January 11, 1982

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 11, 1982, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: T. E. Conner, T. W. Lawson, Ray Noble, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, and R. C. Hubbadr.

Also present were: Rob Bernstein, Attorney, Ray Sneed, Michael Kassner, Vic Boisgen, Barry Boisgen, Frances Paulette, W. R. Britton, Jr. and B. H. Muehlen, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the Agenda, and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Carson made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to approve the minutes of the regular meeting December 14, 1981, and the minutes of the recessed meeting on December 29, 1981, and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the Financial Statement for December 31, 1981, and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Robert Bernstein, Attorney for Bahakel Company, spoke to Council on their progress with Atco, Inc. to purchase their Cable System. They have met with several problems in negotiations. Mr. Bernstein and his associates discussed with Council several problems with the Town's franchise ordinance.

Mayor Spiggle made a statement to the fact that Atco, Inc. has already created problems for the Town of Appomattox. The Town has already gone beyond the limit in negotiating with Atco, Inc. He also made the statement to the Bahakel representatives that their coming before Council has in no way affected the franchise contract that Atco, Inc. has with the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to advertise their intent to amend the Town's Cable TV Franchise Ordinance as outlined in the Town's correspondence with Bernstein. (See copy of letter in Council file January 1982).

Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to revoke and terminate the Cable TV Franchise to Atco, Inc., at the March 8, 1982, meeting of Town Council.

Mr. Hubbard withdrew his motion and Mr. Noble withdrew his second.

Mr. Bass made the motion to amend the previous motion made by Mr. Hubbard to add to the Town's Cable TV Ordinance the right to seize the equipment and the right to require the detachment of equipment within 30 days of revocation of the Franchise.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20834
record_id: 1854
page_number: 1

