# REGULAR MEETING – November 12, 2002

Page 1 of 2

yy

Regular Meeting - November 12, 2002

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, November 12, 2002 at 7:30
PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding. :

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell,
Norman Mayberry, and W. H. Carson.

Others present were: Gary Miller, Chris Didio, J, M. T Engineering, Gary Loomis, Masters Engineering,
Hill Jones, Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, Lisa Knott, Times-Virginian,
Danny Heath, Nesbe Cable, Charles Garrett, Larry Mobley, David Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie
H. Mullins, Clerk. .

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the Consent Agenda with the
addition of two items to New Business: 1, Use of Abbitt Park by Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department,
and 2, Holiday Closing of Town Office, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried,

Mr. Danny Heath, Nesbe Cable, spoke to Council regarding the Cable System and why WGN was dropped
from the system. It was dropped to make a slot for Channel 33, which is considered a must carry channel
according to FCC regulations and the Telecommunications Act. They have met all the requirements.

Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, introduced the gentlemen from JMT, who made a presentation on the basins
at the Sewerage Treatment Plant and the modifications necessary to correct these problems. .
The presentation was videotaped by Larry Mobley to send td Ned Cleland for his review.

Mr. Steve Lawson, Chairman of the Property Committee reported that his Committee is recommending that
the pay telephone be removed from Downtown on Lee Street. Council approved the recommendation with
a vote of four voting aye, one nay, and one member absent from the room. Motion carried,

Mrs. Joyce Bennett reported on her meeting with the Fire Chief Timmy Garrett. She was asked to get some
more questions answered for the Council. (see attached copy of her report).

A Personnel Committee meeting will be set at a later date.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to approve the use of the Abbitt
Park by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department on November 30", to waive the $25.00 application fee,
and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve the Holiday Schedule
for the Town Employees for Thanksgiving and Christmas, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried,
See attached copy. —

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to convene in Closed Session in
accordance with Section 2.2.3711, Subsection A, Item 7, of the State Code for the purpose of legal advice
from Counsel.

Now, Therefore, Be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best of each
members knowledge: 1. Only public business matters lawfully exempted from Open Meetings requirements
by Virginia Law were discussed in the Closed Meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2)
only such public business matters as were identified in the motion convening the Closed Meeting were
heard, discussed, or considered by this Council. :