1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 2, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Wednesday, March 2,
2016 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Claudia G. Puckette and Steven T. Conner.

Others present:  Jeff Elder, Facilities Director and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call meeting to order.

On a motion by Council Member McDearmon, seconded by Council Member Conner, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of interviewing prospective candidates for the position of
Town Manager with the Town of Appomattox, specifically being prospective candidate D.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Conner made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Garrett and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 2, 2016

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted to
adjourn at 7:20 p.m.
Vote: Garrett –yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

