1  Regular Council Meeting

September 8, 2008

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on September 8, 2008 at
7:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council
members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Jr., Karl E. Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Chad
Millner, Nina Beasley, Mary Lou Spiggle, Wanda Jobe, Sarah Robertson, Cliff Harvey, Gene
Beverly, June and Bill Goodrich, Ken and Debbie Powell, Debbie Baine, Carl and Diane Miller,
Barbara Shelton, C. L. Gray, Lucy Harvey, Betty Gallier, Frances Lewis, Carolyn Davis, Mary
Williams, Brandon Carpenter, Bob Hopkins, Joyce Bennett, Ben Harvey, Benny Harvey, Paul
Michael Raymond, Stephanie James, Derek Norfield, Carlton Duck, James Stringfield, Frank
Wright, David Garrett, Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Dr. Calvin Gray, New Jerusalem Baptist Church gave the invocation.

On a motion by Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. McDearmon and with all members present
voting “aye”, Council approved the consent agenda dated September 8, 2008 with the addition of
NB #6 - Closed Session – Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where
competition or bargaining is involved, where if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically being the investment of public funds
as incentives for prospective location of Business A to Appomattox.  Motion carried.

Public Comments:
Debbie Powell – 101 Maple Street, Appomattox, Virginia
Mrs. Powell addressed council in support of the proposed managerial contract from the
Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commerce.

Appearances:
None

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Baine and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council adopted the following resolution:

A RESOLUTION OF THE TOWN COUNCIL OF THE
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
AUTHORIZING THE EQUIPMENT LEASE FINANCING
OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT

2  Regular Council Meeting

September 8, 2008

WHEREAS,  the  Town  Council  of  the  Town  of  Appomattox,  Virginia  (the  “Town”),  has
determined  that  it  is  advisable  to  finance  all  or  a  portion  of  the  cost  of  acquiring  a  backhoe,
street sweeper, trucks, water meter replacement and other equipment, as well as certain building
renovations  (the  “Equipment”)  through  a  financing  lease  or  other  financing  agreement
providing financing in the maximum principal amount of $313,600.00.

WHEREAS,  the  Town  has  applied  to  the  Virginia  Resources  Authority  (“VRA”)  for  an
equipment lease financing in an amount not to exceed $313,600.00 to pay the costs of acquiring
the  Equipment,  and  VRA  has  indicated  its  willingness  to  provide  such  financing  through  a
program with SunTrust Equipment Finance & Leasing Corp. (the “Lessor”); and

WHEREAS, the Town, VRA and the Lessor desire to enter into a Master Lease Agreement
(the “Master Lease Agreement”), the form of which is on file with the Town Manager, whereby
the  Lessor  through  VRA  will  provide  lease  financing  to  the  Town  in  a  principal  amount  not  to
exceed $313,600.00 to finance the Equipment.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE TOWN COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF

APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA:

1.

Authorization,  Execution  and  Delivery  of  the  Master  Lease  Agreement.    The
Master  Lease  Agreement  is  approved  in  substantially  the  form  on  file  with  the  Town  Manager
and the performance by the Town of its obligations under the Master Lease Agreement is hereby
authorized.  The Town Manager and the Mayor of the Town, either of whom may act (the “Town
Representative”), are authorized to execute and deliver the Master Lease Agreement on behalf of
the  Town  in  substantially  the  form  presented  to  this  meeting,  with  such  changes,  insertions  or
omissions  as  may  be  approved  by  the  Town  Representative  in  consultation  with  Edmunds  &
Williams,  P.C.,  Bond  Counsel.    Such  approval  shall  be  evidenced  conclusively  by  the  Town
Representative’s execution and delivery of the Master Lease Agreement on behalf of the Town.

2.

Authorization, Execution and Delivery of the Schedule.  The Town Representative
is authorized to execute and deliver on behalf of  the Town Schedule No. 1 to the Master Lease
Agreement (the “Schedule”) in an amount not to exceed $313,600.00 at an annual interest rate
not  to  exceed  five  percent  (5%)  and  for  a  term  not  to  exceed  eight  (8)  years  from  its  date  in
connection  with  the  purchase  of  the  Equipment  identified  in  the  Schedule,  in  substantially  the
form  on  file  with  the  Town  Manager,  with  such  changes,  insertions  or  omissions  as  may  be
approved by the Town Representative in consultation with Bond Counsel.  Such approval shall
be evidenced  conclusively by the Town Representative’s execution of the Schedule on behalf of
the Town.
3.

Nature of Obligations.   The obligation of  the Town to make payments under  the
Master  Lease  Agreement  will  be  subject  to  appropriation  each  year  by  the  Town  Council.
Nothing in this Resolution or the Master Lease Agreement shall constitute a debt or a pledge of
the faith and credit of the Town.

4.

Further  Actions.    The  Town  Representative  is  further  authorized  to  execute  and
deliver on behalf of the Town such other instruments, documents or certificates, and to do and

3  Regular Council Meeting

September 8, 2008

perform  such  things  and  acts  as  he  shall  deem  necessary  or  appropriate  to  carry  out  the
transactions authorized by this Resolution or contemplated by the Master Lease Agreement.  Any
of  the  foregoing  previously  done  or  performed  by  the  Town  Representative  is  in  all  respects
approved, ratified and confirmed.

5.

Reimbursement.    The  Town  may  advance  money  to  pay  all  or  a  portion  of  the
costs  of  acquiring  the  Equipment  and  it  reasonably  expects  to  reimburse  itself  from  funds
available through the lease financing.  The maximum amount of financing to be issued to pay the
costs of acquiring the Equipment is $313,600.00.

6.

Tax Compliance and Arbitrage Covenants.  The Town covenants that it shall not
take  or  omit  to  take  any  action  the  taking  or  omission  of  which  will  cause  the  interest
attributable to the rental payments under the Master Lease Agreement to be "arbitrage bonds,"
within  the  meaning  of  Section  148  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended,  or
otherwise cause payments due under the Master Lease Agreement to be includable in the gross
income for federal income tax purposes of the registered owners thereof under existing law.  The
Town  Representative  is  authorized  and  directed  to  execute  such  tax  compliance  certificates  as
may be necessary to demonstrate compliance with this paragraph.

7.

Effective Date.  This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

Adopted by the Town Council at a meeting duly called and held on September 8, 2008.

______________________________
Clerk, Town Council
Town of Appomattox, Virginia

VOTE:    Baine  –  aye,  Mayberry  –  aye,  McDearmon  –  aye,  Williams  –  aye,  Carter  –  aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion of recommendation made by Mr. Williams, Chairman of the Personnel Committee
and with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to ask Anne Dixon, Parks, Recreation
and Tourism Director for Appomattox County to assist with ongoing projects on behalf of the
Town’s Department of Tourism during the vacancy of a Director of Tourism.  Motion carried.

On a motion of recommendation made by Mr. Williams, Chairman of the Personnel Committee
and with all members present voting “aye”, Council voted to pursue a working
agreement/contract with the Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commerce for a minimum six
month term for the purpose of managing the Town’s Department of Tourism with the Lynchburg
Regional Chamber of Commerce preparing the contract for consideration.  Motion carried.

Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs made a motion to begin advertising immediately to fill the position of
Director of Tourism.  After much discussion, Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs withdrew her motion.  The
Personnel Committee will be meeting the week of September 22, 2008 and will discuss the job
description and pay scale with a recommendation to follow at the workshop meeting.

4  Regular Council Meeting

September 8, 2008

It was the consensus of the Town Council to table NB #3 – Consideration of the advertising
requests for the Tourism Department until Mrs. Anne Dixon can review.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mayberry and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council voted to change the September Workshop Meeting to September 30, 2008 at 7:00
p.m.  Motion carried.

Town Council agreed by consensus to allow the Street & Property Committee research the
request of a street light of the Lucy Street Townhouse Association.  Mr. Williams suggested that
adjacent property owners be consulted regarding a street light request.  Mr. Baine agreed.
Letters will be sent from the Town Office to gather information from property owners before a
recommendation is rendered.

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. Williams and with all members present
voting “aye”, Council voted pursuant to §2.2-3711(A)7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town regarding
specific legal advice by such counsel, the subject matter of such meeting being the legal
requirements of compliance with the Public Procurement Act, and the purpose of such meeting
being provision of advice concerning such requirements in the context of qualifying engineering
firms and §2.2-3711(A)6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of
discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where if made public initially, the
financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically being in the
investment of public funds as incentives for prospective location of Business A to Appomattox.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, Williams – aye, McDearmon – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge:  (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, Williams – aye, McDearmon – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. Carter and with all members present
voting “aye”, Council voted to pre-qualify multiple engineering firms.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Carter and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 9:30 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

