COUNCIL AGENDA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX – P. O. BOX 705 – Appomattox, Va  24522 - (434) 352-8268
INCORPORATED 1925

•  Regular session meets at 7:30 p.m. on the 2nd Monday of each month.
•  Presentations and agenda items scheduled by 2nd Monday preceding.
•  There will be an opportunity for Public Comments at regular sessions only.
•  Council Workshop meets at 7:00 p.m. on the 4th Tuesday of each month.

MAYOR – John L. Wilson
TOWN COUNCIL - Joyce B. Bennett, Steven E. Lawson, Norman H. (Jimmy) Mayberry,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs, John T. (Plicky) Williams
OTHERS – David T. Garrett, Town Manager; Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney and
Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk

Welcome!

Welcome to this meeting of the Appomattox Town Council!  This is your
Council, doing your business in a facility owned by the citizens of Appomattox.
Good representative government requires citizen participation and your presence
indicates to us that you are making a special effort to help make the Town of
Appomattox a better place to live, work or visit.

Many people only come to the meetings when they have a passionate
interest in a particular subject.  Do not be discouraged if you do not see a crowded
room.  Your comments on any particular subject may represent the unspoken
opinions of many others who could not appear.

Your understanding of your hometown will grow as you attend more

meetings.

Guidelines for Citizen Participation

You may speak concerning an item not placed on the Agenda during the public
comment period.  A spokesperson may be named to present your position, with
others in agreement being recognized by standing.  Council will try to hear
everyone who wishes to speak on a subject, but occasionally discussion is limited
because of time.  Speakers are generally requested to limit remarks to three (3)
minutes, although Council can allow exceptions at its discretion.

When you are called upon to speak, you are requested to:

1.  Come to the speaker’s podium.
2.  State you name and address for the record.
3.  State your position.
4.  If you have a written statement or a petition, please file it with the Clerk of

Council.  If supportive material is to be distributed among Council Members
and Staff, please provide 12 copies.

Useful Information

Meeting Agenda Packets

Meeting agendas and supporting details, identical to the packet supplied the Council, are

available in the J. Robert Jamerson Library at least one full workweek prior to meetings.
Meeting agenda packets serve three purposes - First, they provide advance public notice and
some background information on specific subjects for all interested citizens on a routine basis.
Second, they provide advance information so that council members can adequately respond and
plan for meeting participation.  Third, they provide a plan for the orderly and efficient conduct of
council meetings.

Television Coverage of Meetings
All Council Meetings are videotaped.  The tapes are edited to exclude periods of

inactivity so that they fit a two-hour time period provided by Alive TV, a ministry of
Gethsemane Baptist Church, Lynchburg, Virginia.  The meetings are aired on Cable Channel 7
and UHF Channel 33.

Times: Friday following meetings – 10:30 a.m. and 7:00 p.m.
Saturday following meetings – 8:30 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.

Committee Meetings

Most of the real work of Council is done by individual members working independently.

Their independent efforts are discussed, analyzed and refined at Committee Meetings before
presentation to the full Council.

Committee Meetings are scheduled, advertised and open to public and press.  They must

be advertised for 3 working days prior to a meeting.  Individuals seeking notification of
Committee Meetings may submit a written request, valid for one year.

Finance
Jennifer J. Scruggs, Ch.
(352-7550)
Lewis McDearmon
Joyce Bennett

Personnel
John “Plicky” Williams, Ch.
(352-4278)
Jimmy Mayberry
Joyce Bennett

*Denotes Citizen Advisors
appointed to the committee

Committees

Fire & Safety
Joyce Bennett, Ch.
(352-8609)
Norman Mayberry
John “Plicky” Williams
Property & Streets
Steven E. Lawson, Ch.
(352-8235)
C. L. McDearmon, Jr.
Jennifer J. Scruggs
*Pamela Robinson
* Nancy Dawson

Ordinance Committee
Norman H. Mayberry, Ch.
(352-7086)
Steven E. Lawson
John “Plicky” Williams
*Sheila Palamar *Phillip
Jamerson *S. L. Ferguson
*Brod Pack *Barbara Caldwell
Utility Committee
C. L. McDearmon, Jr.
(352-5488)
Steve Lawson
Jennifer J. Scruggs

Office Hours:  Monday – Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Office location:  210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia

Other Useful Contact Numbers

Mayor:
Town Manager:
Billing Questions:
Water Problems-Emergency:  Day – 352-8268 or Evening – 352-8241

John L. Wilson, 352-2539, e-mail: jwilson@jetbroadband.com
David T. Garrett, Jr., 352-8268, e-mail: dgarrett@appomattoxva.gov
352-8268

Town of Appomattox – Agenda – Council Workshop Meeting
Monday, November 26, 2007 - 7:00 p.m.
Appomattox Municipal Building – 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia

Call to order – Mayor Wilson

Unfinished Business

None

New Business
None

Reports
Committee Chairman project updates

a.  Ordinance Committee
b.  Finance Committee –
c.  Street & Property Committee
d.  Fire  & Safety Committee
e.  Personnel Committee
f.  Utility Committee

Updates from Staff

g.  Director of Tourism
h.  Treasurer
i.  Clerk
j.  Town Manager
k.  Town Attorney

Adjourn

Upcoming Meetings/Events
All meetings will take place at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia

November 29, 2007 – 5:30 p.m. – Utility Committee Meeting
December 10, 2007 – 7:30 p.m. – Regular Council Meeting
December 11, 2007 – 6:30 p.m. – Street & Property Committee Meeting
December 27, 2007 – 7:00 p.m. – Council Workshop Meeting

Utility Rates
(Effective November 1, 2006)

Water
In Town
$6.35/month with 2000 gallon allowable metered sales
$5.54/1000 gallons for all consumption above 2000 gallons

Out of Town
$9.35/month with 2000 gallons allowable metered sales
$8.31/1000 gallons for all consumption 2000 gallons

Sewer
In Town
$9.10/month per Equivalent Residential Connection (ERC)
$7.25/1000 gallons for all metered water consumption

Out of Town
$13.65/month per Equivalent Residential Connection (ERC)
$10.88/1000 gallons for all metered water consumption

Business Licenses
Due January 31, 2007
Applications are available at the Town Office
Rate - $0.05/$100 of gross receipts

Town Decals
On Sale March 1, 2007 and must be displayed by March 31, 2007
$25.00 for Cars/Trucks
$24.00 for Motorcycles
$2.00 for Transfers
(Prior years Personal Property taxes must be paid before purchase)

Meals Tax
Rate - 5%
Reported monthly

Lodging Tax
Rate - 5%
Reported monthly

Open Burning
Allowed the first week of December, February, March, April, the last week of November.

Curbside Leaf Collection
Loose Leaves – November 1 – December 31
Bagged Leaves – November 1 – January 31

