ref: reel_03_0876
date: 1984-11-12
content: Regular Meeting - November 12, 1984

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, November 12, 1984, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Ray Noble, Martin Webb, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter. Absent: R. L. Bass.

Others present were: Ms. Phyliss Wilson, John Wilson, Darin Carson, Jimmy Fedison, Matt Wilkerson, Christine Slough, Shavonne Carr, Amy Slade, Kerri McFadden Reginald Wilbun, Frances Abbitt, Bernie Proctor, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the Agenda with one additional New Business, Item 5, Emergency Medical Services-local costs and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the minutes of the October meeting, with one correction. Instead of Mr. Noble, it should be Mr. Bass on Page 2, paragraph 8, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle introduced the members of council and the children from Mrs. Coleman's class.

Mr. Bernard Proctor, Engineer, appeared before Council to give them a progress report on the Sewer project.

Mr. Reginald Wilbun came before Council to request permission to establish a 4-bay Car Wash in the Town of Appomattox. Council discussed this request at length with Mr. Wilbun.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to refer Mr. Wilbun's request to the Water Committee for their study and recommendations and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the Financial Statements for September and October, 1984, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported on the Well on the Stanley property. This is the third well drilled. Its pump tested to 70 gallons per minute.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to table Item 4, Old Business, until the next regular meeting and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported on the Cable TV.

Mr. Britton presented the First Draft of the proposed 1985 Budget.
chunk_id: 20892
record_id: 1912
page_number: 1

