# REGULAR MEETING – MARCH 14,2005

A Regular Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday March 14, 2005 at 7:30 p.m. at the Municipal Building on Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present:  Joyce Bennett, N.H  “Jimmy” Mayberry, Marvin H. Mitchell, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John Wilson and Steve Lawson.

Others present:  Larry Mobley, Frank Brina, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, Todd Craft And O. Wilson Staples, Appomattox County Sheriff’s office, Steve Smith and Bobby O’Brien, Lynchburg Ready Mix, Frank Wooldridge, Dot Wooten, Marvin Hamlett, Times-Virginian Newspaper, Christie Chapman, News and Advance and Roxanne W. Mundy, Town Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting and gave an invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council voted to approve the consent agenda of March 14, 2005 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

## Public Comments:

Dot Wooten- preferred to wait until after the presentation.

## Presentation/Appearance:

Lynchburg Ready Mix- Steve Smith and Bobby O’Brien presented to council their proposal for the lot owned by C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Appomattox Oil Company near the entrance of Park Lane at the Ball Park and Community Center.

## Standing Committee Reports:

Street and Property Committee- Council member Lawson reported a request for crosswalks and ramps from Main Street to the Appomattox Gallery on Church Street.

Fire and Safety-none

Utility Committee- On a recommendation by Council member McDearmon, Chairman, the Council voted to deny a request from Jays Downs on Church Street for a water adjustment.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Ordinance-none

Finance-preferred to wait until later in the agenda.

Personnel-none

Page 2

March 14, 2005

On a motion by Council member Lawson, seconded by Council member Mayberry.  Council voted to approve the date of Monday, March 28, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center to meet with the Appomattox Board of Supervisors to hear an update from Region 2000 Regional Commission of the Water Study Project.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Council member Mayberry, seconded by Council member McDearmon, Council voted to cancel the Council Workshop on Tuesday, March 22, 2005 at 7:00 p.m.  All members present, voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Council member Bennett, seconded by Council member Mitchell, Council voted to authorize the purchase of the necessary supplies and equipment for corrosion control in the existing wells.  All members present voting aye.  Motion  carried.

On a motion by Council member Lawson, seconded by Council member McDearmon, Council voted to approve a request for supplies by the Historical Appomattox Foundation for the April 2005 Re-enactment.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Council member Bennett, seconded by Council member McDearmon, Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended for the purpose of discussion of salary and assignment of the specicific public employees specifically being discussion and consideration of employees A, B, and C.

*The record notes a request from Marvin Hamlett with the Times Virginian for a more specific reason- Request denied by Legal Counsel.

VOTE:  Bennett-aye, Mayberry-aye, Mitchell-aye, McDearmon-aye, Wilson-no, Lawson-aye.  5-aye, 1-no, motion carried.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discuss, or considered by the council.

VOTE:    Bennett-aye, Mayberry-aye, Mitchell-aye, McDearmon-aye, Wilson-aye, Lawson-aye.  Motion Carried.

Page 3

March 14, 2005

On a motion by Council member Mayberry, seconded by Council member Mitchell, council voted to adjourn at 8:25 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Mundy, CMC				Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor
