ref: reel_03_0662
date: 1982-06-14
content: Regular Meeting - June 14, 1982

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 14, 1982, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, Ray Noble, T. W. Lawson, and S. E. Carter.

Also present were: Barbara Williams, Clerk, Bill Sherrod, Eric Smith, Zane Pinckney, David Peoples, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court, was present to administer the oath of office, to the Mayor, and the members of Town Council for the new term of office.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to adopt the Agenda with the following additions to Old Business: 9, Financial Statement; 10, No Parking signs on Court Street; and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the minutes of the last regular meeting as submitted and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Zane Pinckney, representing Armstrong Corp. spoke to Council on their request to introduce some wastewater into the Town's sewer system.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to approve the request from Armstrong Corp., and that the four items listed in a letter from the Department of Health, become a part of the agreement to allow this request. (see copy in Council file dated June, 1982).

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

Council was informed of a letter from Mr. T. E. Pittman, denying the Town's request for 'Slow Children Playing' signs in Morris Heights Subdivision. Mr. Britton was requested to continue to pursue this matter.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to accept the recommendation of the Appomattox Planning Commission to allow Mr. Paul Nash a conditional use permit for three apartments in his building on Church Street.

Carson-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Bass-aye Motion carried.

Mr. Britton was requested to get more prices for the roof maintenance and bring the figures back to Council.

On a motion by Mr. Bass seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to do nothing about paving the Fire Department driveway at this time, but budget for the costs in the 1983 Budget, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20749
record_id: 1769
page_number: 1

