# REGULAR MEETING – April 08, 2002

Page 1 of 2

¢ts

Regular Meeting — April 8, 2002

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, April 8,
2002 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Steve’ Lawson, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell,
and Norman Mayberry. Absent — W. H. Carson and Joyce Bennett

Others present were: Lisa Knoit, Times-Virginian, William M. Phillips, Town Attorney,
D. T, Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve the ’
Consent Agenda with the addition of New Business 2. Permit for Entertainment —

Clayton Tinnell and a Closed Session , and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mrz. McDearmon, Council voted to table
Unfinished Business; Item 1, until the April 23rd Workshop Meeting, to give the
Committee Time-to-meet-and-make their recommendations;and-all-those- present voting ---~
aye. Motion carried,

On a motion by Mr, Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

WHEREAS, many progressive metropolitan communities around the country are actively
developing biking and hiking trails, referred to as “green communities”, and

WHEREAS, the Regional Bike Plan was designed to make recommendations concerning
the placement of potential bike paths and shared roadways in the region, and

WHEREAS, these recommendations were approved by both the Central Virginia
Metropolitan Planning Organization and the Transportation Technical Committee in
2000, and vos

WHEREAS, the regional plan must be reviewed by each locality for recommendations
and approval, and

WHEREAS, this plan should be regarded as a first step in developing a comprehensive
bikeway system and does not constitute a preliminary engineering document and

approval of the report and/or recommendations herein does not necessarily guarantee
implementation, and ; !

WHEREAS , the staff is requesting the Appomattox Town Council adopt the Regional
_ Bike Plan for the Town of Appomattox,

i
i
t
t
i
i
I
i