# WORKSHOP MEETING – April 23, 2002

Page 1 of 5

Workshop Minutes ~ April 23, 2002

A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, April 23,
2002 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Town Office with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: W. H. Carson; N. H. Mayberry, M. H. Mitchell, C. L. McDearmon,
Joyce Bennett and S. E. Lawson.

Others present: John Wilson, Lisa Knott, Times-Virginian Newspaper, William M.
Phillips, Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy
Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting with a prayer.

The agenda was approved with the addition of one new item —- 1. Conditional Use Permit
for Melody Dyson — The Quilt Shop.

On a motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, the request from the
Appomattox County Assembly, Inc. for a ‘a monetary donation of $200. 00 was approved.

All-those voting-aye.. Motion. carried... ----- ne een

On a motion made by Mr. Carson, the Personnel Committee recommended the adoption
of the following resolution as written by the Appomattox Town Council and to become
effective on July 1, 2002.

RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Personnel Committee appointed by the Appomattox Town Council has
met, and by majority vote recommends that the Appomattox Town Council adopt the
following resolution:

THEREFORE, BEIT RESOLVED, by the Council of the Town of Appomattox that:

a) Council members shall receive a salary of $50.00 per month to be paid
whether such member is present at the monthly meeting, provided,
however, that if a member is absent for three consecutive meetings, such
member shall not be paid for any subsequent meetings until the member
attends a regular meeting.

b) Council members shall receive $50.00 per meeting for each workshop
session, special council meeting, or committee meetings more than thirty
minutes long. — ,

¢) Council members shall receive no compensation for recessed meetings ot
when two or more meetings are held at consecutive times on the same
date, (that is, one following the other.)

447