# WORKSHOP MEETING – April 23, 2002

Page 2 of 5

YS

oe -d)-=-- The-Mayor’s salary-shall-be-$700.00-per-month-with.no-compensation for. =

any other meetings of any kind. _ y

Ali those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr, Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon to allow the
Appomattox Volunteers for Tourism Development to use the parking lot located between
the Depot and Country Charm (Mill Building) for the Mother’s Day Downtown
Celebration on Saturday, May 11, 2002 thus making the parking lot closed during the

hours of the celebration. All those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion made by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry to table the weekly
market topic until the May 13 Regular Council Meeting and having the committee review
the request. All those present voting aye. Motion carried. ‘

On a motion made by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell to table the decision of the
roof repairs until-the May 13 Regular Council Meeting. All those present voting aye.
Motion carried. : ‘

Town Manager’s Report —

1. Update on work in progress at the depot including door repairs.

2. Update on Kiddie Park work in progress and vandalism occurring to the
caboose. Also, the Abbitt Park and Library areas have become a concern.
Numerous children are congregating, skateboarding, using abusive language,
etc, .

3. Update on wells and the water level status. Concurred to remind customers to
conserve water.

Mayor/Zoning Administrator Report —
1. Informed council of the variance request from Gehad Natour for home owned
on Loop Road needing 17.4 ft. to comply with frontage. The BZA met on
April 18, 2002 and'granted the variance. No action needed by the
Appomattox Town Council.

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon to accept the
recommendation from the Appomattox Planning Commission for Melody Dyson — The

" Quilt Shop — Conditional Use Permit to erect a sign in R-2. All those present voting aye.

Motion carried.

‘On a motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to convene

in Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711, Subsection A, Item 7, of the State
Code, for the purpose of Consultation with legal counsel by the Council regarding
specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel. -

_ Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: 1. Only public business matters lawfully