# WORKSHOP MEETING – August 27, 2002

Page 1 of 2

poems se

UtilityCommittee~
On a motion made by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberty, council voted to aan

Workshop Meeting — August 27, 2002

A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, August 27,
2002 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Town Office with Vice-Mayor Mitchell presiding.

Members present: W. H. Carson, N. H. Mayberry, C. L. McDearmon, Joyce Bennett and
Steve Lawson.

Others present: David T, Garrett, Jr., Lisa Knott and Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion made by Ms. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, council voted to
approve the consent agenda as present. All voting aye. Motion carried.

Committee Reports:
Street Committee — none
Safety Committee — none

place a moratorium on all out of town water connections effective September 1, 2002.
All voting aye. Motion carried. re :

Ona motion made by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, council amended the
above motion by changing the effective date to August 28, 2002 for the moratorium on
out of town water connections. All voting aye. Motion carried.

Ordinance Committee — none
Finance Committee — none
Personnel Committee — none

On a motion made by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, council voted to
approve the directional sign for the Memorial United Methodist Church on Confederate
Blvd. as requested. All voting aye. Motion carried.

Consideration of the C. T. Moses, Jr. Memorial Highway was tabled to the September 9,
2002 Council Meeting.

Consideration of the Two-Way Stop on Church Street and Main Street was tabled to the
September 9, 2002 meeting.

Ona motion made by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, council voted to leave
the Tour Bus signs as they are. All voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Bennett, council voted to approve
the water connection for Laura Stanley at Walton Place. All voting aye. Motion carried.

“HTL