ref: reel_03_0864
date: 1984-01-01
content: On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to pay the Town Employees for overtime repair work caused by accidents and therefore, set a precedent.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to give Mr. Britton the authority to handle the question regarding Mr. Nash's overtime work and time involved for sewer testing on the week-end and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to award the contract to W. A. Stratton Construction Company for the Town Shop at a bid price of $74,530.00 and set a six-month time limit for completion of this project.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Webb-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council awarded the electrical contract to Childress & Mitchell for the bid price of $2395.00 and set the same six month time limit for completion.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Webb-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to award the heating contract to C. Lewis McDearmon at a not-to-exceed cost of $1100.00.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council unanimously adopted the following resolution.

(See copy in Council file - 1984)

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to donate the Old Town Ball Park Lights to the School System and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 9:20 P.M.

[Signature]
MAYOR

Bobbie H. Mullins
Bobbie H. Mullins Clerk
chunk_id: 20880
record_id: 1900
page_number: 1

