ref: reel_03_0863
date: 1984-05-14
content: Regular Meeting - May 14, 1984

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 14, 1984, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, R. L. Bass, Ray Nobbe, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter.

Others present were: W. R. Britton, Jr., Frances Abbitt, and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council approved the Agenda with a request for Executive Session, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Nobbe, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the Council minutes as submitted for the April 9, 1984, meeting and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Nobbe, Council approved the Financial Statements for Feb., Mar., and April., 1984, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton brought Council up-to-date on the Wastewater Treatment and the proposed well site on Courtland Manufacturing which didn't pan out.

Council discussed the completed work at the Town Ball Park.

Council requested Mr. Britton, to make an appointment at the Road Hearing with the Board of Supervisors.

After a lengthy discussion of the proposed five new channels for Cablevision Council could not come up with any suggestions.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to advertize the Town's intent to adopt "a Flood Prone Area Ordinance" for two weeks and hold a public hearing on June 11, 1984, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Nobbe, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to remove from the Agenda, Item 2, New Business, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to go into Executive Session to discuss Personnel and expenses.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Nobbe-aye motion carried.

Council reconvened into regular session at 9:00 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Nobbe, and all voting aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20879
record_id: 1899
page_number: 1

