1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, February 22, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, February 22, 2011 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Stephanie James, Carlton & Brian, Alive Media TV; Will Simmons, Director of
Tourism; Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Rhonda Guill, Deputy
Clerk; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Continued discussion of December 2010 planning priorities and initiatives project
Mr. Gillespie briefed Council of all the priorities and initiatives discussed at the December 2010
work session and January Workshop meeting.  Mr. Gillespie has provided Rhonda Guill, Deputy
Clerk the entire packet to create and maintain with the comments and questions until its adoption
in March 2011.  All matters discussed regarding the priorities and initiatives project are
maintained at the Appomattox Town Office.

Mr. Gillespie advised Council that the list has been consolidated and commended them for
discussing such as aggressive plan.  The project will be for the good of the citizens.

Hearing no objections the priorities and initiatives project along with the mission statement,
vision statement, core values and leadership philosophy will be presented at the March 14, 2011
Regular Council meeting for adoption.

Committee reports:
Finance – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on February 16, 2011 and the next
budget workshop is scheduled for March 9, 2011.
Fire & Safety – Ms. Bennett reported that the Town is working with Mrs. Wheeler on her
property on Confederate Blvd.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported that a review of the Sign Ordinance will begin soon.
Personnel – Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee has not met recently.
Street & Property – Ms. Spiggle reported that the committee has not met recently.
Utility – Mr. Gillespie reported on the sewer project for the Museum of the Confederacy.

Staff Reports
Will Simmons, Director of Tourism reported on the results of his departmental budget for FY
2011 and discussed the proposed FY 2012 budget.  He discussed with the Council the results of
advertising and the effects of the program on the community.

Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer provided a written report.

Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council had no report.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, February 22, 2011

Mr. Gillespie, Interim Town Manager has nothing further to report.

Council Concerns - None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

