1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, February 14, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, February 14,
2011 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry,
Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett. Absent: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett.

Others:  Bill and June Goodrich, Chad Millner, Stephanie James, Ed McCann, Allison
Scott, Carson Baldwin, Jalen Thomas, Carlton Duck & Company, Rhonda Guill, Deputy
Clerk; Stacy Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and
Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey said our thoughts and prayers are with the
firefighters tonight.  He hopes everyone is ok and there are no injuries.

Public Appearances – None

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the consent agenda of February 14, 2011 with the addition of
Consideration to approve the revised Sanitary Sewer Alignment Engineering Fee
Proposal for Phase 2 Wastewater Collection Improvements for $14,200. All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – None

New Business –

Mayor Harvey presented the following Proclamation for National FFA Week.

PROCLAMATION
National FFA Week – February 19 – 26, 2011

WHEREAS, February, has been designated “Career and Technical Education

Month” by the Association for Career and Technical Education and February 19-26,
2011, has been designated as “National FFA Week” by the National FFA Organization,
and

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, February 14, 2011

WHEREAS, FFA and Agricultural Education provide a strong foundation for the
youth of America, Virginia and Appomattox and the future of the food, fiber, and natural
resource systems; and

WHEREAS, FFA promotes premier leadership, personal growth, and career

success among its members; and

WHEREAS, agricultural education and the FFA ensure a steady supply of young

professionals to meet the growing demands in the science, business, and technology of
agriculture; and

WHEREAS, the FFA motto – “Learning to do, Doing to learn, Earning to live,

Living to serve” – gives direction of purpose to these students who take an active role in
succeeding in agricultural education; and

WHEREAS, FFA promotes citizenship, volunteerism, patriotism, and

cooperation,

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul D. Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do

hereby proclaim the week of February 19-26, 2011, as

FFA WEEK
in the Town of Appomattox and urge all its citizens to become familiar with the services
and benefits offered by the career and technical education programs in their communities
and to support and participate in these programs.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the
Great Seal of the Town of Appomattox to be affixed this 14th day of February, in the year
of our Lord 2011.

Mayor Harvey proclaimed the week of February 19 – 26, 2011 to be National FFA Week
in the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion made by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the revised Sanitary Sewer Alignment Engineering Fee
Proposal for Phase 2 Wastewater Collection System Improvements for $14,200.  All
members present voted aye.  Motion carried.

Appointments to Boards, Commissions and Committees –

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to table the appointments of Eric Ferguson and Ronnie D. Lankford, Jr. to the
Appomattox Town Tree Board for more research until March 14, 2011.  All members
presented vote aye.  Motion carried.

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, February 14, 2011

Citizen Comment Period – None

Council Concerns – None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  All members present voted aye.  Motion carried.

__________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

                        __________________________
Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

