ref: reel_02_0263
date: 1952-01-21
content: A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on January 21, 1952 with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: J. E. Jamerson, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr., J. F. Almond and Mrs. C. H. Robinson. Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. On a motion by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by J. E. Jamerson and carried, application is to be made to the Department of Highways for the construction of Side Walks as set forth in their letter dated January 15, 1952 and that steps be taken to obtain the necessary right of ways. On a duly carried motion parking shall be prohibited by the distance of two car spaces on Main Street near the Drug Store and Fire Hydrant. On a duly carried motion the erection of a street light near the new residence of Mrs. H. G. Johnson on Lucks Street was authorized. On a duly made and carried motion an ordinance was passed prohibiting roller skating or riding bicycles on the side-walks of Church Street from Dr. Christians corner to Reggie Stanley's corner and the penalty of violating this ordinance by depriving the violators of their roller skates or bicycle by the Town officers, for a period of thirty days. Effective after publication. On a motion by J. F. Almond, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried blinding and drainng the ditch on the west side of Church Street north of Route 460 to the present pipe at the Highway Garage was authorized. On a motion adjourned. Signed G. B. Buchanan Mayor Signed E. Carroll Smith Clerk
chunk_id: 19747
record_id: 767
page_number: 1

