1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 10, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 10, 2020
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, and Steven T. Conner.

Town Council member absent:  Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Town Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Clerk of
Council, Roxanne Casto.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church gave the invocation, and led the
Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey stated he was changing “hats” for a moment and as President of the Railroad
Festival he would be solicitating an annual donation from the Town for FY 2021.  The official
request was provided to Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer.  Also, his family is making a stew for the
Pamplin Eastern Star on Saturday, February 22, 2020 beginning at 8:00 a.m. and invited
everyone to support this.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Timothy Garrett, seconded by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, Council voted to adopt
the consent agenda for Monday, February 10, 2020 as presented.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to adopt an
ordinance to revise a portion of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, in Chapter 185, Article I –
General Provisions.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to
approve the payment request #4 of the 4 annual payments that were provided as an Economic
Stimulus Grant in the Performance Agreement between the Town of Appomattox, the Town of
Appomattox Economic Development Authority and COJANA, a Limited Liability Corporation
in the amount of $26,100.60 to COJANA, a Limited Liability Corporation as the owner of the

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 10, 2020

Appomattox Inn & Suite and also consideration in accepting payment request #4 that COJANA
has met its responsibilities as noted in the Performance Agreement dated March 13, 2015.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to appoint Kenny
Gobble to the Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority, term ending December
31, 2023.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following items:

➢  The Town EDA will meet on Tuesday, February 11, 2020 at 6:00 p.m.  The EDA is

planning a trip to Marion, Virginia on Friday, March 27, 2020.

➢  The Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project Management Team will be meeting

on Wednesday, February 12, 2020.

➢  The Town Council Retreat has been rescheduled for Thursday, February 20, 2020.
➢  The Planning Commission did not meet in February.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner inquired as to how many businesses have currently signed up to participate in the
Downtown Revitalization project.  Mr. Shanaberger indicated eight (8) so far.
The first four (4) businesses selected will be meeting with the architect this week.

Mr. Jonathan Garrett reported on several changes at the Appomattox Sheriff’s Office.  Mr.
Shanaberger will reach out to Sheriff Simpson for a report to Council in the next several months.

Mr. Timothy Garrett said the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department has been doing a great job.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

