1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 25, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, February 25, 2020 at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Sheriff Donald Simpson, Major Robby Richardson, Daniel Puckette, Christy
Torrence, Facilities Director, Jeff Elder; Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Town Treasurer,
Kim Ray; and Town Clerk, Roxanne Casto.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

The Appomattox Town Council received an updated from Sheriff Donald Simpson of a few of
the changes made within the department since his term began January 1, 2020.

Council Standing Committee Reports – None

Council Comments:
Mr. Boyce thanked mayor Harvey for his service as Mayor of the Town of Appomattox.

Mr. Conner stated that the Town is getting blamed for things it is not responsible for.

Mr. Jonathan Garrett advised that the training conducted by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department on Saturday, February 22, 2020 was attended by 5 different agencies and 60
members of those departments/agencies.

Mayor Harvey requested Mr. Shanaberger contact Don Jones and/or Laura Dawson regarding the
Friday, July 3, 2020 Fireworks/Independence Day events.

Town Staff Reports:
Mrs. Ray presented the Treasurer’s Report for January 2020.  She also reminded everyone in
attendance of the March 1, 2020 deadline for complete the Community Funding Assistance form.

Mr. Elder – none

Mrs. Casto – none

Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following items:

➢  Sam Vance, Town Attorney has received all the information needed to complete the Title
Opinion for USDA.  The Town is hopeful it will be able to close on the loan in the next
few weeks.

➢  The Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) will be hosting an update of the

Smart Scale project on March 3, 2020.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 25, 2020

➢  The Planning Commission will meet on March 3, 2020 to continue review of the

comprehensive plan.

➢  Mr. Shanaberger and Dr. Jeff Garrett will be meeting this week to discuss a training

academy in Appomattox.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to
adjourn at 6:40 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

