ref: reel_02_0376
date: 1961-03-20
content: Motion was made by Dr. H. B. Pack, seconded by Dr. Lawson, That the Mayor be given authority to appoint an Industrial Business Development Committee. Motion carried. A motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by Dr. Lawson, That the Council approve a Resolution favoring restoration of the Old Court House Building at the Old Court House. Motion carried. Motion was made by Dr. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, That the Council sanction the erection of the proper bronze plaque on the Confederate Statue on the Court House Lawn. Motion carried. A motion was made by Ivey Holland, seconded by T. R. Gilbert, That the Town Manager collect the sum of the sewer and/or water at the time the application is made for the building permit. In case the permit is not granted the deposit will be refunded. Motion carried. Motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by H. B. Pack, That the Town pay the $10.00 for Membership in the Police Chief's Association, die2nriChisfer. There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of March 20, 1961. Signed C. E. Webster, Jr. Mayor Signed J. [Illegible] Clerk MARCH 1961 The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on March 20, 1961, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas T. Moses, Jr. presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Dr. S. R. Lawson, J. T. Almond, T. R. Gilbert, Ivey Holland and H. B. Pack. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read. A motion was made by Dr. S. R. Lawson, seconded by T. R. Gilbert, That Mr. Scott cannot survey the Town line up to West End Market, if the weather will permit and he is not sick get Mr. Kirkland to do the surveying. Motion carried. Motion made by J. T. Almond, seconded by H. B. Pack, Be it resolved by the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to throw or dump trash, tin cans, garbage or any refuse on the road leading from State Road 604 to the Appomattox Town Dump. Fine not to exceed $500.00 for each offense. This ordinance will be in effect from the day it is passed. Motion carried. There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of April 17, 1961. Signed C. P. Hunter Clerk Signed C. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
chunk_id: 19860
record_id: 880
page_number: 1

