ref: reel_03_0884
date: 1985-02-11
content: Regular Meeting - February 11, 1985

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, February 11, 1985 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. L. Bass, R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, Ray Noble, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter.

Also present were: Ed Harvey, Bill Briggs, Mr. & Mrs. Kenneth Jones, Frances Abbitt, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the Agenda with the following additions to Old Business: 6. Designated Handicapped Parking Space, New Business; 5. Planning Commission- 460 By-Pass, 6. Central Virginia Electric Coop.-Well, 7. Telephone rates in Town, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the minutes of the January 14, 1985, meeting as submitted and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Ed Harvey and Bill Briggs appeared before Council to request the Town to do something to alleviate the problem with surface water coming into his building on Lee Street.

Mr. & Mrs. Kenneth Jones appeared before Council to complain about the way their sewer problem was handled by the Town. Their main concern was why it took so long to fix the problem.

Mr. Bass reported to Council on the Bids for the new Police Car. Lawson Ford received the low bid of $10,038.52 for a LTD Crown Victoria with bench seats.

Council discussed the proposals by the Highway Department to alleviate the traffic problems on Route 460. Britton discussed the proposals at length. It was general consensus that they wait until the Forum on February 13, 1985.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to request the Highway Department to designate the place in front of the Farmers National Bank downtown as a "handicapped parking" space.

On a motion by Mr. Webb, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to hire a contractor to do the job for the Lee Street Station building which is to include digging it out, putting in drain tile, waterproofing, after the owners have signed a "release" for the Town of Appomattox from any further responsibility.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20900
record_id: 1920
page_number: 1

