ref: reel_03_0885
date: 1985-02-11
content: Council discussed the sewer problem of the Jones'. They requested that good judgment be exercised in dealing with the Public and to help with the problems that arise.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to leave the "Activity Bonds" with the County of Appomattox, to further the development of Appomattox.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to renew the lease for the Arts & Crafts Coop. with the same conditions as the previous years.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

Council requested more information on Norfolk & Western's request for a trailer site. They asked Mr. Britton to arrange a meeting between Council and N. & W's representative to obtain further details.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to request the Central Virginia Planning District Commission to conduct a survey on how the 460 By-Pass would affect the businesses in the Town, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council agreed to request the Health Department's approval of connecting Central Virginia Electric Coop well to the Town System and if they grant their approval, then the Town will take over this well.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 9:45 P.M.
chunk_id: 20901
record_id: 1921
page_number: 1

