ref: reel_03_0157
date: 1977-01-10
content: The following corrections were made to the minutes of the regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council meeting held on December 13, 1976.

1. The bidders were Moses Motor Co., Inc., Their price being, 7,490.00, Lawson Ford, Inc.'s price being $8,500.00.

2. At a price of $1,350.00, less trade-in, seconded by Mr. Spiggle.

3. The Evergreen Avenue letter should read:
needed on Evergreen Avenue from Hunter Street to the Corporate limits on the east side;

4. The Pine Street letter should read;
Pine Street is being used for maintenance of the lagoon;

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 10, 1977 at 7:30, at the Appomattox Town Office Building, with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, R. L. Bass, R. C. Spiggle, M. J. House, and R. C. Hubbard.

Those also attending were Town Manager, Bill Britton, Dr. Jim May, Mr. Ralph Hines, and Bill Berkley.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as corrected.

Dr. Jim May informed Council that there has been no reply from the Virginia State Department of Health on the Plans for the Water Storage Facility.

Dr. May reported on the January 6, 1977 meeting with Mayor Pack, Dick Bass, Bill Burruss, Ralph Hines and Sam Kerr to negotiate for property and right-of-way for the water tank site.
(See Water Committee minutes dated 1/6/77.)

Ralph Hines reported that the Public Work grant application has not been turned down.

On the motion by R. L. Bass, seconded by R. C. Hubbard all members voting aye, Council gave May-Hines permission to give Public Notice for hearings on January 13, and 14, for the additional federal funding for Appomattox Downtown Redevelopment Project and the additional federal funding for construction of a supply line from the proposed water storage facilities on Route 26 to the existing water supply lines in Town.
chunk_id: 20364
record_id: 1384
page_number: 1

