Na tes se

——— es

Page 2 of 2
Council minutes - December 14, 1998

On a motion by Marvin Mitchell, seconded by Joyce Bennett, Council
voted to approve a conditional user permit for the sign at the Lawson
Office Building on Court Street and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to
approve the increase to the Community of Candles for a total of $350.00
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to
accept the Lease Agreement with Norfolk & Southern Railroad for the
parking lot at the Depot at $120.00 per year and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
table the request from the Actions Committee for a donation until the
January regular meeting and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Pack ,seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to
refer the request from Mrs. Jackson for a street light on Bandana
Street to the Street Committee for their study and recommendations and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to
recess and reconvene until December 21, 1998 at 5:00 PM to adopt the
six month Town Budget for 1999, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting
adjourned.

ote \) CLERK

315
