314

Regular Meeting - December 14, 1998

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, December 14, 1998 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett, R. L. Bass,
Norman Mayberry, Rick Pack, and Marvin Mitchell.

Others present were: Bruce & Shirley Eye, S. BE. Carter, Marvin Hamlett,
Bif Johnson, Allen Shemonski, William Phillips, Town Attorney, and
Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with'a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to
Approve the Consent Agenda with the addition to New Business: Item 6,
Street light request on Bandana Street, and all those present voting
Aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Shirley Eye, representing the Actions Committee, appeared before
Town Council to request a donation towards Phase IIT and IV of the
Project at Appomattox County High School.

Mr. Anthony Shemonski, PE, Johnson, Mirmiran & Thompson, reported to
Council on the Sewer Wastewater Treatment Process. They have some new
figures regarding costs.

On a motion by Steve Lawson, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council voted
to accept the Sequencing Batch Reactor with In Ground Concrete Basins,
for approval as the Wastewater Treatment Process for the Town.

Bass-aye -Lawson-aye Bennett-aye Mayberry-aye Pack-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle informed Council that he has received a letter from Andy
Carroll, Assistant County Administrator, saying the Board of
Supervisors have agreed to participate with the Town on the expansion
to the Sewer Treatment Plant. Mr. Phillips will be working on a
proposed agreement with the County.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to approve
the increase of the Sewer Rates as previously submitted. Effective
February 1, 1999. (see attached copy}

Bass-aye lawson-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

