ref: reel_02_0565
date: 1970-06-24
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council which was postponed from June 15, 1970, was held on June 24, 1970 at 8:00 P.M. in the Council Room with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.
Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and Martin Webb.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.
Mr. Harold Johnson, of Overnight Trucking Co., appeared before the Council and asked for assistance in finding suitable unloading places for their trucks, which have been double parking. He was assured that the Town will assist him as much as possible.
Hubbard requested that the Town Manager write the owners of lots with badly overgrown weeds and request that they have them cleaned up.
Mrs. Robinson said that M. J. House, Jr. wanted a street light on the lower end of Edgewood Street. Chairman Guill approved it.
Mayor Pack discussed a petition from owners on South Church Street regarding the Zoning Ordinance.
The request of Mr. Jim Noland for assistance in laying a storm sewer across the back end of his lot on Church Street was referred to the Manager for action in laying the pipe, when convenient to the Town.
Holland moved and Hubbard seconded that the following section be added to the Town Code to be effective immediately:
Sec. 12-1A. Driving Automobile, Engine, Etc. While Ability To Drive Is Impaired By Alcohol.
It shall be unlawful for any person to drive or operate any automobile or other motor vehicle, car, truck, engine or train while such person's ability to drive or operate such vehicle is impaired by the presence of alcohol in his blood. A person’s ability to drive or operate such a vehicle shall be deemed to be impaired by the presence of alcohol in his blood within the meaning of this section when such person has so indulged in alcoholic intoxicants as to lack the clearness of intellect and control of himself which he would otherwise possess.
In every prosecution under the Town Code or any similar ordinance of the town the offence with which the accused is charged shall be deemed to include the offense punishable under this section; and whenever in any such prosecution it appears that the amount of alcohol in the blood of the accused at the time of the alleged offense as indicated by a chemical analysis of the accused's blood in accordance with the provisions of this midemernor is as much as 0.10 but less than 0.15 percent by weight it shall be presumed that the ability of the accused was impaired within the meaning of this section. No person shall be arrested, prosecuted or convicted for violation of this section except as a lesser included offense of a prosecution for violation of Town
chunk_id: 20035
record_id: 1055
page_number: 1

