# REGULAR MEETING – January 13, 2003

Page 1 of 2


The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, J anuary 13,
2003 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.
Those members present were: Norman Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin
Mitchell, W. H. Carson, Joyce Bennett, and Steve Lawson.

Others presént were: Wayne Phelps, Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Lisa Knott, Times-
Virginian, William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, David
T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve the
Consent Agenda as submitted and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Wayne Phelps, spoke to Council regarding the proposal from the Historical Society
to name the 460 By-Pass in memory of Charles T. Moses, Jr.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr, MeDearmon, Council voted to send the
request to the Virginia Department of Transportation to name the Route 460 By-Pass in
memory of Charles T. Moses, Jr. and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Joyce Bennett reported the Fire Department has officially begun the fund raising
campaign.

Ona motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to send the
“Temporary Sign Ordinance to the Ordinance Committee for their study and
recommendations and all those present voting aye. Motion carried,

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to convene in
Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2.371 1, Subsection A, Item 7, of the State
Code, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel employed by or retained by a
public body regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advise by
such counsel. ;

VOTE:
Bennett ~ aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
McDearmon~aye — Carson ~aye Lawson-aye

Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, That the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: 1. Only Public Business matters lawfully
exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the

ABE.