Page 2 of 2 —

Council Minutes - June 8, 1998 |

Council agreed to hold a Public Hearing on June 23, 1998, at 7:00 PM to discuss the
Rural Development Loan and hold a workshop immediately following.

Earl Dickerson also explained the revised CDGB Budget figures. (See attached copy)
On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council voted to authorize
the expenditure of the funds to obtain options and drill test wells at the Central

Virginia Electric Cooperative property.

Bass-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to expend the
$2000.00 for a Feasibility Study on the Route 460 Corridor.

Bass-aye Bennett-aye Lawson-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye Motion carried. —
On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted that Mr. Carwile put in a
pump station, bring the line back to the manhole where the Town receives the sewer from

NPS on North Avenue, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried. _

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to adopt a resolution
approving the Birthday of the U S Army and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Phillips, Town Attorney, brought the Council up to date on the Court Case
regarding Conner vs the Town of Appomattox.

On-a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve
the change over agreement with Manatron in the amount of $13,031.00 to make the
Town’s Computers 2000 year compliant.

Bass-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

“Mayor Spiggle request that we begin to work on a Committee to celebrate the
Town’s 75th Anniversary in the year 2000.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meetirig adjourned at
8:30 PM

‘Or

