# WORKSHOP MEETING – January 22, 2002

Page 1 of 3


January 22, 2002

A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, January 22,
2002, at 7:00 PM with Vice Mayor Mitchell opening the meeting.

Those members present: W. H. Carson, C. Lewis McDearmon, Norman Mayberry,
Joyce Bennett, and Steve Lawson.

Others present were: Lisa Knott, Times-Virginian, William Phillips, Town Attorney, and -
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to deny the request
from Mrs, Bonnie Cunningham for a Street Light on Ethel Street in front of her property,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to deny the
request from the Appomattox Assembly for some relief on their water bill due to aleak _
in-a restroom,.and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

WHEREAS, Charles T. Moses, Jr., served the Town of Appomattox from 1949-55 as a
member of Council and as Mayor from 1958-60; and

WHEREAS, He was devoted, dedicated and conscientious in his service to the citizens of
the Town of Appomattox; and

WHEREAS, Charles Thomas Moses, Jr., was born, reared and lived all of his life in
Appomattox; and

WHEREAS, he distinguished himself as a successful businessman and an avid supporter
ofhis community, serving in various capacities; and

WHEREAS, in memory of Charles Thomas Moses, Jr., who died on January 9, 2002,
justly earned the respect, admiration and high regard of all with whom he came into
contact with; and

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Ronald C. Spiggle, by virtue of the authority vested in me as
Mayor of the Town of Appomattox and on behalf of the entire Town Council and the
citizens of the Town of Appomattox, extend our sympathy to the Moses Family and our
gratitude for the service so freely rendered by Mr. Moses to the Town of Appomattox.