# REGULAR MEETING – January 16, 2002

Page 1 of 3


The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 14,
2002, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Joyce Bennett, Marvin Mitchell, W. H. Carson, C. Lewis
McDearmon, and Norman Mayberry. Absent — Steve Lawson.

Others present were: Lisa Knott, Times Virginian, William Phillips, Town Attorney,
John R. Caldwell, Fund Raising Committee, John Wilson, Tim Garrett, Clyde Mayberry,
Fred Godsey, Bobby Wingfield, Benny Harvey, Cory Osborne, Earl Martin, David T.
Garrett, Jr., and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to approve
the Consent Agenda with the following addition of consideration of transfer of monies
from the Sanitation Equipment Fund into the Roll Out Cart Maintenance Fund and all

those present voting aye, Motion carried.

Mr. John Wilson, Downtown Committee, came to Council to give an erate on their
efforts to entice tourist downtown including Tour Buses.

\
Mr. John R. Caldwell, Chairman, Funds Raising Committee for the Fire Department,
appeared before Town Council to request-funds from the Town of Appomattox. They
need commitments from the government entities in order to borrow the money to begin
construction on the new Fire House.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to pledge a
contribution of $15,000.00 per year for six years for a total amount of $90,000.00,
beginning July 1“, to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department to build a new Fire
House on Route 460 next to the Rescue Squad building. ,

Bennett-aye Mitchell-aye McDearmon-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to accept the
bid from J. E. Jamerson & Sons to repair and paint the Depot as presented (see attached)
at a price of $26,375.00 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to approve the
demolition of the Martin Building at the Town Shop at an approximate cost of $2500.00
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

43}