yp WPL RTE ELLA

Regular Meeting - August 8, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, August 8, 1994 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Members present: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner, S. E. Lawson,
S. E. Carter, R. L. Bass, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Frank Carwile, Paul Spiggle, Mary Lou Spiggle,
Barbara Shelton, Carl Almond, Ruth Smith, Grover Smith,

Donna Miller, Frank and Alicia Thomas, Roger Carson, Steve
Conner, Myra Mitchell, Mary Hancock, Eva Mayberry, Bill &
Edna Francis, Teresa Hancock, Jamie McCormick, John Spiggle,
Cindy Smith, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Conner, Council
voted to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Frank’ Carwile appeared before Town Council to speak in
favor of the rezoning request on Pine Street.

Paul Spiggle - Spoke against rezoning

Mary Lou Spiggle - Against

Carl Almond - against

Grover Smith - opposed

Frank Thomas - Leave as is

Steve Conner - represents the Company and is in favor
Teresa Hancock - opposed

Pamela Boggs had called Ronnie and she is aginst but
couldn't be here

Mr. Steve Lawson offered a motion to table Item I, Unfinished
Business, United Way, but it died for lack of a second.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted
to not join the United Way as requested and all those in favor
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to accept the recommendation of the Planning Commission
and deny the request from Pilgrim Land & Development for
rezoning on Pine Street from R-1 to R-2.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Lawson-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to refer the three requests which are 1. Crosswalk at the
Methodist Day Care, 2. Gaye Stevens~Downtown Crosswalk, and 3.
Sidewalk on Lee-Grant Avenue from Liberty Church parking lot

to the Corporate Limits and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

