ref: reel_02_0352
date: 1959-08-17
content: AUGUST MEETING

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 17, 1959, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding.

The following members were present: C. Lewis McDearmon, G. E. Smith, John Grinels and T. Hunter Dickerson.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the following resolution be adopted:

Resolution Authorizing Negotiation for Purchase and Purchase by the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, of a strip of land 30 feet wide and approximately 125 feet long, connecting Wemly Land and Sunnydale Avenue in said Town, and Owned by William W. Burke and Emily H. Burke, husband and wife.

WHEREAS, a public necessity exists which requires that a strip of land 30 feet in width and approximately 125 feet in length connecting Wemly Land and Sunnydale Avenue, in the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, owned by Mr. and Mrs. William W. Burke, be acquired and dedicated to public use as a street in the said Town; and

WHEREAS, the Council is advised and so believes that the fair value for said strip of land, including all damages to the remaining land owned by said William W. Burke and Emily H. Burke as a result of the building of a road on said strip, is an amount not in excess of $300.00.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF APPOMATTOX:

That the Town Manager be and he is hereby authorized and directed to negotiate for the purchase of, and to purchase for the Town of Appomattox, from the said William W. Burke and Emily H. Burke, at a price not to exceed the sum of $500.00 cash on delivery of a good and sufficient deed conveying fee simple title to said property; and the Town Manager is authorized to sign in the name of the Town any contract which is necessary or desirable for the purchase of said land, within the terms of this resolution. Motion carried.

A motion was made by T. Hunter Dickerson, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town employees fix the road bank in front of Charles Thomas' lot to his satisfaction to hold the sewer line. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town of Appomattox accept the 30 ft. Street from Thomas T. Martin upon receipt of a properly signed deed. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of September 21, 1959.

Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
Signed O. T. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19836
record_id: 856
page_number: 1

