ref: reel_03_0763
date: 1981-05-13
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 13, 1981, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, T. E. Conner, and T. W. Lawson. Absent - R. C. Hubbard

Others present were: Julie Austin, representing Red House Volunteer Fire Department, Milton Lambert and Winfred Hamlett, Carolyn Page, Annie Bradley, Iris Davis, Bill Sherrod, Times-Virginian, Judy Volturo, R. W. Britton, Jr., Town Manager, and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, and all members voting aye, the Agenda with the following additions was approved: Old Business - 5. Michie Company Payment, New Business - 7. Revenue Sharing Money, 8. Water Deposit - $25.00 for renters, 9. Million Gallon Storage Tank Chlorination, 10. Resolution concerning residency requirements by the State Code.

The Council minutes dated April 13, 1981 were approved as submitted.

The approval of the April, 1981, Financial Statement was referred to the June 1981 meeting.

Julie Austin, representing Red House Volunteer Fire Department requested that the fees for a Tournament be waived in order for all proceeds to be given to the Red House Volunteer Fire Department.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council granted a waiver from the Tournament fees for the Red House Volunteer Fire Department for the 7th, 8th and 9th of August, and all members voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Milton Lambert, appeared before Council to request permission to use the Town Ball Park for possibly a Ball Game and Music Show to benefit the Cold Homes Program.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to allow Milton Lambert and Winfred Hamlett the use of the Town Ball Park from 12:00 A.M. to 12:00 P.M., to waive the $25.00 Tournament fees for a Ball Game; and if the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors grant the necessary permits for the Music Show, then they will allow the use of the Ball Park for the proposed Music Show, for one day only to benefit the Cold Homes Program.

Conner-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

In regard to Item 5, New Business, the Mayor reported that a request has come before Council to open an Amusement Center in the Old Georges building on Confederate Blvd. Carolyn Page, as spokesperson, for the group, requested permission to use this Building for an Amusement Center. They would like to open this center, put in pool tables, and games. They are planning on renovating the building and putting in more parking spaces.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to hold a Public Hearing on the Amusement Center on June 8th, 1981, at 7:30 P.M. and advertize in the local newspaper for two weeks.

Conner-aye Carson -aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Bass-aye
Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20820
record_id: 1840
page_number: 1

