ref: reel_03_0764
date: 1981-05-13
content: Mr. Britton reported that he has sent a letter of notification to Arco, Inc. for termination of services but as of this date Mr. Diemler has not accepted the letters. We can have the Sheriff of the locality serve papers on Mr. Diemler, if possible, or have an "Order of Publication" in the local newspaper.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to have Mr. Britton check with Mr. Kerr, and use the best legal method to see that Mr. Diemler is notified of the proposed termination of services.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Spiggle reported that Flippo's did not agree to our conditions on the contract, he was contacted and he did not respond so his "notice to proceed" became null and void.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to pay the contract price to Falwell Well Corporation of $9,500 of which, the Town's portion will be one-half and the other one-half will be paid by May-Hines & Associates.

Conner-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to not turn the water from the 1,000,000 gallon Storage Tank into the Town System due to the amount of chlorine that will be in the Water and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to not get into the business of filling swimming pools only, if they are Town residents and all members voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.

It was the general concensus of Town Council that a 6" discharge line be run from the existing main at the new Well #15.

Mayor Spiggle reported that the Water Committee had previously met and raised the Water Deposit to $25.00 but the new Town Code still has the $15.00 rate.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to increase the water deposit to $25.00 for rental property tenants, and all members voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported that Michie Company has completed their contract, and published the new Town Code. They are requesting their final payment and the money is set aside in a Revenue Sharing Certificate of Deposit.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to pay the final payment to Michie Company of the 2,172.61 and obligate the balance of 214.07 on the Certificate to the Revenue Sharing General Fund for expenditures.

Conner-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20821
record_id: 1841
page_number: 1

