a a RE

Page 2 of 2
Council minutes - February 10, 1992

Bernie has received three proposals for the waterline on
Route 1010 under the By-Pass as follows:

15,600.00 - 13,900.00 F. L. Showalter
18,600.00 - 16,700.00 H. Hamner Gay
11,665.00 - 10,247.00 Saunders Construction Co.

It was the general consensus of Town Council to proceed with
the 8" waterline under the By-Pass and draft a letter of
acceptance of the bid from Saunders Construction Company

in the amount of $11,665.00.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to request bids on the Waterline at the Community
Center, Connection of the Well at the Center, and the
replacement of the sewer main from Evergreen Avenue to the
trickling filter plant, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to refer the request for a Street light on Lee-Grant
Avenue to the Street Committee for their study and
recommendations. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to renew the lease for the Arts and Crafts Center
under the same stipulations as the previous lease for 1992
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle updated the Council on the Railroad Festival.
Several of the Board members have resigned and we are at
present working with the local Ruritans to get some help

for the 1992 Railroad Festival.

Council referred the Open Burning Ordinance to the next
meeting for further study and recommendations.

There being no further business to come before Council _ _
the meeting adjourned.

tI
(dal QLERK
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk

Ronald C. Spiggle

Lal

mth eee te

eminence ns Pie
