ref: reel_03_0758
date: 1981-03-18
content: Page 2 of 2 - Recessed and Reconvened Meeting

The Water and Sewer Committee Chairman's Mr. Bass, and Mr. Noble, had met and formulated a proposed policy for water and sewer cut-off policy, for Council's review. (Copy filed in Council file, February 1981).

Mr. Hubbard made the motion to change "2" to read "shall be payable when rendered", but the motion died for lack of a second.

Mr. Carson made the motion, seconded by Mr. Noble, to delete Item "4" from the proposed policy, and all members voted aye.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, to adopt the Water and Sewer Policy as proposed by the Water and Sewer Committee Chairman's, with the deletion of Item 4. (See copy in Council file dated February 1981).

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Council recommended that the new printing of the Water Bill show a due date if possible.

Item 6, New Business was referred to the next meeting.

Mr. Britton reported on the status of the leak at the Water Tank and the negotiations with Filippo's. They have quoted us a price of $6700.00 as a price for repairing the leak. They would like to maybe go with a 50/50 basis on the costs.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to approve a request from the Arts and Crafts Coop, for a lease on the Depot with the same requirements as before, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

Items 2 & 4, New Business, were referred to the next meeting.

Mr. Conner was excused at 6:00 P.M.

A request for workclothes from National Uniforms for the Town workmen was discussed by Council. It would cost approximately $1339.20 per year.

Mr. Noble made the motion, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to deny the request for uniforms for Town workmen and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported that Vice-President Bush is trying to help the localities that are being strangled by Federal regulations. After some discussion by Council, it was general consensus of Council, that we do all that we can to try to stop the Regional Sewage Project. Council feels with the economy in the state that it's in, there is no way the Town people can afford to build this project.

The meeting adjourned at 6:20 P.M.
chunk_id: 20815
record_id: 1835
page_number: 1

