1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 24, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 24, 2012
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, and Steven T. “Steve” Conner.

Absent:  Joyce B. Bennett.

Others present:  Stephanie James, Cliff Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Benny Harvey, Carlton
Duck and Alive TV Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer;
C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey briefly presented an “Invest in Kids Day” proclamation for council’s
review.  The Mayor will be presenting the proclamation at the February 13, 2012 Regular
Council meeting for action.

Mayor Harvey also reminded Council members of the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for
Innovative IT Solutions on Friday, January 27, 2012 at 12:00 noon in the Town of
Appomattox.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to authorize Mayor Harvey to execute the Amendment to Order by
Consent for VPDES Permit No. VA 0020257 and authorize payment of the $1,050.00
civil penalty.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Elder, Utility Director advised Council that the Phase II – Sewer Project construction
is complete.  The Museum of the Confederacy is on line.  All the final paperwork on the
STAG grant should be finalized in the coming weeks.

Mr. Elder and Mr. Gillespie reported that they had met with Virginia Department of
Health regarding the connection to the Route 460 Waterline.  Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. will be
submitting the O&M manual the Virginia Department of Health by the end of February
2012.

Mr. Elder made a presentation of the Backflow Prevention and Cross Connection Control
Program.  Due to Virginia Department of Health requirements, town staff will begin on
January 30, 2012 visiting businesses to explain the program.  This program is a part of
our water permit issued by the Virginia Department of Health.

Mr. Elder updated Council on five (5) additional street lights that will be installed by
Dominion Virginia Power.

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, January 24, 2012

Mr. Gillespie outlined the organizational changes with Town Departments to the Council.
By rearranging within Town Departments, services can be delivered more efficiently.
Utility matters such as billing, meter readings, connections, and complaints will all be
handled by the Public Works Department.  Mr. Gillespie also stated that a work order
system needs to be established to track true costs in the appropriate departments.  An
inventory program and system also needs to be implemented.  The Clerk’s office is a
repository for “everything” and sometimes things are filed in multiple locations.  Each
department needs to maintain their own files.  Public Works has merely been an activity
of the Town but needs to be treated as a true department, maintaining a budget as does
the water and sewer departments.  Staff has investigated the changing of the telephone
system, computer equipment and software.  There are a lot of options on the table.

Mr. Gillespie reported that the organizational changes will begin immediately.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – Mr. McDearmon reported the committee discussed the Zoning
Ordinance and should finalize it at the next meeting.

Physical Development – Mr. Mayberry reported the committee discussed the items
mentioned earlier in the meeting.

Council gave consensus authorizing staff to proceed with bid or proposal process on the
additional shop buildings located at the Public Works Department.

Staff Updates
Town Manager – None

Treasurer – Ms. Wilkes reported that she continues to work on Financial Statements.
They will be emailed to Council as they become available.

Clerk of Council – None

Council Concerns
Ms. Spiggle thanked the staff for being so efficient and their hard work.  Mayor Harvey
agreed with Ms. Spiggle by thanking staff.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:50.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

