1   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, January 9, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, January 9,
2012 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others Present:  Sammy Carter, Cliff Harvey, Stephanie James, Rev. Jim Short, Paul
Hoffman, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacy Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager, Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy
Clerk and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Jim Short led the invocation.

Rev. Jim Short led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Appearances
Paul Hoffman, Field Representative for Congressman Hurt introduced himself to the
community.  Congressman Hurt serves eight counties and they have three offices in the
district.  They are looking forward to helping with Business and Economic Growth.
Congressman Hurt is working hard to balance the budget.  If anyone has any concerns or
questions, please feel free to contact one of their offices for assistance.

Mayor’s Comments
Mayor Harvey extended a Happy New Year to everyone and hoped they had a nice
holiday.  On Saturday, January 14, 2012 at the 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County High
School there will be a Community Birthday Celebration for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
This is a fundraiser for the Carver Price Legacy Museum.  Frank Smith will be the
speaker and the ACHS Jazz Band will be performing.  Tickets are available for sale.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adopt the Consent Agenda for January 9, 2012.  All member present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business
None

New Business
Mr. Gillespie provided a summary of the CY 2012 Priorities & Initiatives Plan for the
Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the CY 2012 Priorities & Initiatives Plan for the Town of
Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, January 9, 2012

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to adopt an Ordinance to amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox by deleting
and repealing Chapter 195, Article XII, Sections 133-133.11, and replacing it with a new
Chapter 195, Article XII, Sections 133-133.15 et seq., to be entitled Signs, by revising
certain provisions of the Zoning Ordinance.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried. (Ordinance Attached)

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adopt an Ordinance to amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Zoning
Ordinance by revising certain provisions of the Zoning Ordinance text, as described in
the following paragraphs, specifically Definitions.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried. (Ordinance Attached)

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the 2012 Town Council Meeting Schedule.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to write-off account balances for real estate taxes receivable in the amount
of $60.30 and personal property taxes receivable in the amount of $4071.19, that have
exceeded the statue of limitations for collection.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Citizen Comment Period
None

Council Concerns
Mr. McDearmon reported that Mr. Bill Burke advised him that Mrs. Anne Dixon,
Appomattox County Director of Parks, Recreation and Tourism would be having
Community Service workers helping out and she would have them do some work at
Abbitt Park.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to convene to closed session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of potential organizational changes of
Town Departments, specifically being Administration and Public Works.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye,
Bennett – aye.

3   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, January 9, 2012

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully
exempted form open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed
meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard,
discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye,
Bennett – aye

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn the meeting at 9:00 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

___________________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

