ref: reel_02_0459
date: 1967-03-20
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on March 20, 1967 at 7:30 P. M. with Mayor Peak presiding. 

Members present: R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and R. L. Wingfield. 

The meeting was opened with a prayer. 

Mr. R. L. Spivey, of Lovingston, Virginia, was recognized. He requested that the Council grant a franchise to the Dixie Cable Corporation to operate and maintain a television cable line in the Town. After a discussion, it was decided to investigate the matter further. 

R. C. Hubbard moved and R. L. Bass seconded: "That the Appomattox County Planning Commission be designated as the official planning commission for the Town of Appomattox." Motion carried. 

Ivey Holland reported that Robinson Funeral Home is asking that they not be required to take out a Funeral Director's license and also a merchant's license. It was decided that he will be required to take both as the Town Code calls for it. 

R. L. Bass reported that Mr. J. L. House has requested that the Town lower the water pipe across Mr. Ed Harvey's garden so that it will not get broken by plowing. Manager was instructed to do this. 

Guill reported that the intersection of Oakleigh Avenue and Ethyl Street is very dangerous. Manager was instructed to see what can be done. 

The request of Mr. J. R. Redding that he be allowed to continue buying electric current for the Church Street office at the Town rate was refused. 

The Town Manager was instructed to work out an agreement with Lee-Grant Realty Co. on cost sharing for improving the new street leading to Well No. 6 lot from Evergreen Avenue. 

Ivey Holland moved and Burke Guill seconded: "That the list of persons owing back taxes for three years be turned over to the Town Attorney for collection." Motion carried. 

R. L. Wingfield moved and R. L. Bass seconded: "That the Town storage be surveyed, and an estimate of the cost of fencing it be made." Motion carried. 

R. L. Wingfield urged the other members of the Council to file for office early. 

Building permits were approved for the following: S. P. Waddell, J. V. Forbes, J. W. McDearmon, J. F. Jamerson & Sons, Inc. for 2 buildings, Lee-Grant Realty Co. 

Town manager was instructed to pay the bills by the tenth of each month. 

Meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 19942
record_id: 962
page_number: 1

