# REGULAR MEETING – February 11, 2002

Page 1 of 2

134

Regular Meeting — February 11, 2002

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, February
11, 2002 at 7:30 PM in the Town Office with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present were: Steve Lawson, W. H. Carson, C. Lewis: McDearmon,
Norman Mayberry. Absent- Marvin Mitchell and Joyce Bennett

Others present were: John L. Wilson, H, Wayne Phelps, Harry & Joan Ranson,

Linda Jo Mays, Mitch & Shirley Arrington, Frank & Vielca Brina, Lee & Charlotte
Munsick, Lisa Knot, Times Virginian, William Phillips, Town Attorney, D. T. Garrett,
Jr., Town Manager, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk. °

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Ona motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council yoted to approve the
Consent Agenda as submitted and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

~ >>" “Mayor Spiggle presented the “Memorial Resolution”-in memory of C-T-Moses, Jr. that ——-- -

was adopted by Town Council to Linda Jo Mays and Harry & Joan Ranson.

Lee Munsick appeared before Council to discuss the letter he sent regarding C. T. Moses,
Jr. He urged Council to do something to honor Mr. Moses. Perhaps name something
after him. , ;

Mitch Arrington spoke to Council regarding Tourism. He requested the support of
Council in their endeavors to develop a strategic long range tourism plan by the group of
Volunteers. ;

John Wilson, representing the Downtown Committee, with a request that Council give
them $1,000.00 towards the printing of the brochures that they will use to lure tour
groups to Downtown Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table Item
NB1, until the next meeting so that more information can be obtained, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried. .

On a motion by M. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to appoint the
Tourism Task Force Committee as presented by Mayor Spiggle, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried. (see attached list)

On. a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to reappoint
C. E. Harvey to the Board of Zoning Appeals and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

ct