# WORKSHOP MEETING – February 26, 2002

Page 1 of 2

—

WORKSHOP MEETING

A Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, February
26, 2002 at 7:00 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding,

Those members present: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett, Norman Mayberry, C. Lewis
McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell, (Left at 7:30 PM) Absent: W. H. Carson

Others present were: Nykia Douglas, Regional Commission, William Phillips, Town

Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Lisa Knott, Times Virginian, and Bobbie -

Mullins, Clerk.

Nykia Douglas, Regional Commission, made a presentation to Council on the plan to
apply for a planning Grant to put in a sidewalk on Lee Grant Avenue for the new
Elementary School. They are asking for a resolution of support. It was general
consensus of Council to support this grant and make a $500.00 donation. Action will be
taken at the March Council meeting.

Graham Driver and Latisha Jenkins from Community Housing. Partners made a a
presentation to Council on the purchase of Lee Grant Apartments, They are requesting
the Town Council’s support of their plans to purchase and rehabilitate these 45
Apartment Units. Action will be taken at the Council meeting in March. -

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to table
indefinitely the request from John Wilson for $1,000.00 to assist with the brochures for
tourism, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Item 4 on the Workshop Agenda will be taken up at the March Council meeting because
the Chairman of the Committee is absent.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council approved the
installation of a Street Light on Pine Street, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

Council authorized the Mayor to call the following citizens to see if one of them would
be willing to serve on the Board of Zoning Appeals, They are as follows: Barbara
Caldwell, Joe Coflin, Luella Coleman, Dot Wooten, Alfred Jones and Robert Scherle.

434