ref: reel_03_0327
date: 01-01-1930
content: Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. House to approve the endorsement by S. Kerr, Town Attorney, of an order by George F. Abbitt, Jr., in the captioned case of Samuel E. Carter versus the Town of Appomattox, Board of Zoning Appeals.

Conner - aye  Guill - aye  House - aye  Hubbard - aye

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. House, to accept the recommendation of the Planning Commission and rezone the property fronting on the west side of Court Street, from Virginia Avenue, north 200' north of Ferguson Street, this area is the depth of the lots facing on Court Street.

Conner - aye  Guill - aye  House - aye  Hubbard - aye

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Guill, to adopt the definition of 'Professional' then used in connection with 'use' and 'occupancy' as a use or occupancy by persons generally engaged in rendering personal, executive, sales or administrative services or activities, including accountants, architects, professional engineers and surveyors, doctors, lawyers, insurance offices, real estate offices, religious organizations, stock brokers, and administrative agencies considered professional in character. The term, however, does not include repairs or sales of tangible personal property stored or located within the structure nor any use which would create any loud noises or noxious odors.

Conner - aye  Guill - aye  House - aye  Hubbard - aye

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

Signed  R.C. Spiggle VICE-Mayor

Signed  B.H. Mullins Clerk
chunk_id: 20494
record_id: 1514
page_number: 1

