1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
May 25, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council Meeting on Wednesday, May 25,
2016 at 6:15 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T.
Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  M. Erin Finch

Others present:  Ashlie Walter, News & Advance; Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne
W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call council meeting to order.

Council Workshop meetings
There was a discussion concerning the conflicts of the Council Workshop meeting.  The meeting
is currently scheduled to be held on the fourth Tuesday of each month following the Town’s
Economic Development Authority meeting.

Mr. Conner made a motion to change the Council Workshop meetings to the fourth Wednesday
of each month at 6:00 p.m.  There was no second to the motion.  The motion died for a lack of a
second.

On a motion by Ms. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to change the Council
Workshop meetings to be held on fourth Tuesday of each month at 6:00 p.m.  Garrett – yes,
McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner – no.  Motion carried 4-1.

The Town Economic Development Authority will be notified to choose a different Tuesday of
each month to hold their meetings.

Fiber Project
Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director for the Town of Appomattox provided an update on the Fiber
project.  At the request of VDOT, the contractor has been requested to submit an updated set of
plans for the project.

Mr. Conner – Realistically, we (the Town) need to be careful how much we get involved.

Mr. Garrett – Mr. Arbogast needs a better plan.  There is already a Fiber Optic Authority.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted for the Town to only
mark water and sewer lines, nothing else (policy statement).  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Community Ball Park

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
May 25, 2016

Mr. Elder reported he had asked Mr. Davy Hackett to put in a written request for a funding
donation for the Community Ball Park.

Mr. Hackett appears to be changing directions and has not provided the written request.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to table this item until a
written request is received.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Elder suggested a dollar amount be set and specified for use at the ball fields and paid to
Appomattox County.  The Town should request how the money is to be used.

Ms. Puckette said we are already contributing to the park through County taxes.

Grading at the Kiddie Park
 Mr. Elder made a request for funding to perform necessary grading work at the Kiddie Park.  He
estimated that the work should not exceed $10,000.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to allocate $10,000 for
grading at the Kiddie Park.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Mr. Elder also advised Council he would like to install a split rail fence between the newly
cleared property and the back property lines of the homeowners.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council agreed to allow the purchase and
installation of split rail fencing at the Kiddie Park, not to exceed $2,500.00.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Sheriff’s Agreement Amendment
Mr. Gillespie advised that the agreement adds $38,400 in funding and additional accountability
for the funding.  Mr. Conner recommended a signature line for the Sheriff.

Town Manager Update
None

Council Concerns
Mr. Garrett recommended forming a “group” to discuss the pros and cons of creating a Town
Police Department.  Mr. Conner said he was fine with that as long as the Sheriff is a part of the
conversation.  Mayor Harvey said he is in favor of open discussions of possibly forming a Town
Police Department.

Mayor Harvey reminded Council of the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce request for
a financial donation.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn at 6:50
p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
May 25, 2016

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

