ref: reel_02_0245
date: 1950-05-15
content: Regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on May 15, 1950 with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: Chas. F. James, J. E. Jamerson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, F. L. Murphy and C. T. Moses, Jr. Mr. Wiley M. Morris appeared before the council to inquire the possible development of Cemetery Road from Church Street to the east corporate limits. On a motion by C. F. James, seconded by C. S. Jenkins, the matter was referred to the street committee to investigate the possibility of obtaining a 30-foot right of way through Dr. D. A. Christian's property at the intersection of Church Street. Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. A letter dated May 7, 1950 from the State Highway Department pertaining to Street Maintenance for Towns with a population under 3500 was read and on a motion by J. C. Caldwell seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried, the Highway Commissioners are to be advised that Town desires to operate under the present plan as adopted in 1949 which is as follows: "Provide maintenance of streets for a minimum of two miles of secondary streets allowable to each town plus one-quarter mile addition each recurring year." On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried the Town Attorney is requested to clarify the deed records as to the ownership and control of the land on which the old water tank is located. On a motion by C. F. James and seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., and carried, sponsorship of the local recreation program by the Town officials was postponed until it is advised in writing from the proper source as to whether the Town's Liability Insurance would or would not cover such activity. On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by F. L. Murphy and carried the duties of the daytime policeman will terminate at the end of the day May 15, 1950. On a motion by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by C. F. James and carried, all taxicabs shall pay a license fee of $13.25 per year, which amount shall include a Town Auto Tag. On a motion by J. E. Jamerson, seconded by C. S. Jenkins and carried, installation of a 4-inch water main for a distance of approximately 800 feet with a fire hydrant at the end, on South Church Street, now towards the south corporate limits was authorized, and ordering of the necessary pipe, fittings, valves and a fire hydrant for an extension of a 4-inch pipe line North west along Court Street from the end of the present 4-inch main to the corporate limits for a distance of approximately 1850 feet. On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by F. L. Murphy and carried, the monthly salary of Herman Carter was increased $10.00 per month effective for the last half of May, 1950. On a motion by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by F. L. Murphy and carried, a 1-horse power service line for the Community Cannery in the most practical location was authorized. On a motion duly carried, authority was approved to hire a tractor mower to cut weeds and grass on the Town Streets and property where necessary for the 1950 season. On a motion adjourned.
chunk_id: 19729
record_id: 749
page_number: 1

