ref: reel_02_0306
date: 1955-08-15
content: AUGUST 1955

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 15, 1955, with Mayor Chas. F. James presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, G. E. Smith, T. Hunter Dickerson, Chas. T. Moses, Jr., C. C. Poe and J. T. Almond.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the short street by David Austin and also the street by Mr. Courtney Wooten be hard-surfaced before cold weather. Motion carried.

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., that we write Mrs. Harvey that if the property owners on the proposed street have a survey made and lay off the street and deed it to the Town, then the Town will open up the street. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by G. E. Smith that the Street Committee distribute the Watchman Clock Station in the proper places and purchase additional stations if needed. The Policeman on duty is to punch the clock at the time designated by the Committee. Voting for: G. E. Smith, C. T. Moses, Jr., C. C. Poe, T. Hunter Dickerson. Voting against: J. T. Almond.

A Motion was made by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Mayor or Town Manager are authorized to hire any additional help needed by the Town Manager in the office beginning August 22 through Sept. 30 at a salary not to exceed $35.00 per week. The mayor and Town Manager are also authorized to hire any other help needed at other times. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by G. E. Smith, that a 4 in. cast iron water pipe from C. W. Smith's to Mrs. Durker's and 4 in. Fire hydrant be installed as soon as possible. Motion carried.

A motion was made by J. T. Almond seconded by C. C. Poe that the Council Members pay be raised beginning Sept. 1, 1955 from $2.00 per night to $5.00 per night for regular meetings and $2.00 each special meeting and Committee meeting, the Mayor's Salary be raised to $25.00 per month beginning Sept. 1, 1955. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of September 19, 1955.

Signed Chas. F. James Mayor
Signed C. D. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19790
record_id: 810
page_number: 1

