1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
September 11, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, September 11,
2023, at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Robby Richardson and Sheriff Donald Simpson, Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office;
Rob Fowler; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Carlton Duck, Alive Media; Kim Ray, Treasurer; R.
Terry McGhee, Town Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Reverend Duck led the group in a moment of silence in remembrance of September 11, 2001. He
also led the group in a prayer and pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that at its meeting to be held on Monday, September 11, 2023, at the
hour of 6:30 p.m.  in the Town Council Meeting Room, Appomattox Town Office, 210 Linden
Street, Appomattox, Virginia, the Appomattox Town Council will consider the recommendations
of the Planning Commission with respect  to the described AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND the
Code  of  the  Town  of  Appomattox  Chapter  195,  Zoning,  to  add  the  minimum  road  frontage  in
Chapter 195-28 in the R-1, Limited Residential District, and Chapter 195-43 in the R-3, General
Residential.  The Town Council will have said ordinance proposed to it for passage and will hold
a public hearing thereon, pursuant to the same statutory authority.

The  entire  text  of  the  above-noted  revision  is  on  file  in  the  Town  Office,  210  Linden  Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, and can be examined there between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.
Monday through Friday.

The public is invited to attend and make their views known.

Public comments-none

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Mayor’s comments-Twenty-two years ago, our nation was under attack. Bringing our nation
back together is not new to Appomattox.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Sheriff Simpson, Appomattox County appeared before Council to provide an update. First, he
started by applauding the Council for continuing to recognize September 11, 2001. 75 million or
half the population were not alive and have no memory of the events. Local government is the

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
September 11, 2023

foundation of this country. He explained he plans to begin teaching after retirement. It’s a new
goal and changing gears a little bit, beginning February 2024.

Update on a few things:
The K-9s are working every day. One has assisted in locating a 12-year-old child and the other a
heroin bust. He is pleased with the progress. The Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office is part of a
mutual aid agreement.

Since 2021, the number of summonses are going up (rising). Higher numbers mean better
enforcement.
Mr. Simpson (Councilman) asked Sheriff Simpson about automated speed cameras for school
zones. Sheriff Simpson stated—fundamentally—a human/person needs to be involved in the
process. He is uncomfortable supporting just a camera system. Another option may be a “speed
box.” They currently do not have one and they are relatively expensive.

Mrs. Puckette asked for any suggestions. 1. The key to reducing speed is enforcement. 2. Traffic
designs long term.

Sheriff Simpson is turning things over to the new sheriff on December 31, 2023—very capable
and well-seasoned.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, the Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda as presented for September 11, 2023.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the Code of
Town of Appomattox, Chapter 195 thereof, entitled Zoning, to add the minimum road frontage.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 195 thereof,
entitled Zoning, to add the minimum road frontage.

Be it ordained by the Council of the Town of Appomattox as follows:

Section 1.  Chapter 195-28 of Chapter 195, Zoning, of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, is
hereby amended to add the minimum road frontage as follows:

§ 195-28. Lot width.

A.  In the R-1 District, the minimum road footage shall be 100 feet.

B.  In the R-1 District, the minimum lot width at the building line shall be 100 feet.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
September 11, 2023

Section 2.  Chapter 195-43 of Chapter 195, Zoning, of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, is
hereby amended to add the minimum road frontage as follows:

§ 195-43. Lot width.

A.  For permitted uses in the Residential District R-3, the minimum road frontage shall be 80
feet, and for each additional permitted use in Residential District R-3, there shall be 10 feet of
additional road frontage.

B.  For permitted uses in Residential District R-3, the minimum lot width at the building line
shall be 80 feet or more, and for each additional permitted use in Residential District R-3, there
shall be at least 10 feet of additional lot width at the building line.

Section 3.  Effective date.

This ordinance shall become effective upon passage.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, the Council voted to cancel the
September 26, 2023 Council Workshop meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

Because of the cancellation of the workshop meeting, Council members are encouraged to email
the Town Manager with the name of “your person” for the Train Depot Advisory Committee.
The Council will vote on these individuals at the October 10, 2023 Council meeting. The
committee could meet in November 2023.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA): The committee received a request from the Facilities
Director for 3 AED devices and 10 First Aid kits for a total of $5838.97.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, the Council voted to approve the
purchase of 3 AEDs and 10 first aid kits.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Finance and Planning Committee: none

Physical Development Committee: none

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
September 11, 2023

Citizen Comment: none

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided a written report on September 8, 2023. In addition to those items, he
provided an update on the Olivarri case, the Church St waterline start date of  10/1/2023, the
Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project, the Train Depot exterior renovation, Old
Courthouse Rd smart scale project, possible locations for the CVFP emergency care, Brownfield
Grant, OIP opening, new Town website, and sewer smoke testing.

Council Comment:

Ms. Allen: commented that the Church St sidewalk looks good.

Mr. Simpson: What is the status of the lot behind Railyard Grill? Mr. Elder responded
construction is ongoing.

Mr. Boyce: reminded everyone to never forget the events of 9/11, especially in Pennsylvania.

Mr. Garrett: none

Ms. Spiggle: September is Firefighter Appreciation Month. She specifically wanted to recognize
the AVFD—our hometown heroes.

Ms. Puckette: none

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 pm.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

