Regular Meeting - March 11, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, March 11, 1991 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, W. H. Carson,
S. E. Carter, H. W. Conner, Marvin Mitchell; and”“R. L. Bass.

Others present: Virginia Babcock, Bernard C. Proctor, P.E.,
Frances Abbitt, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The Board of Supervisors: David S. Nash, W. E. Jamerson,
Franklin Vaughan, and Dennis Gragg, County Administrator,
came in at 8:00 P.M.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
approved the Agenda with the following additions:

13. Consideration of a Conditional Use Permit for Victor Salzi;
14. Executive Session, and all those present voting

aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Virginia Babcock appeared before Town Council to thank
them for their support of the Christmas Community of Candles.
She presented a bill for $122.95 as our share of expenses.

Mr. Bernard C. Proctor appeared before Town Council to
update the Council on the Status of the National Park
Service project.

At this time the Board of Supervisors came in for their
appointment.

The purpose of the Board's visit was to discuss the

Landfill as a "joint effort." The County does not have

the power to borrow the funds, the Town does. We could have
an agreement drawn up between the Town and County to handle
the landfill project. It was general consensus of Town
Council and the Board of Supervisors that we hire an Attorney
who specialized in Municipal Law.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to have the Municipal Building designated as the
official voting precinct provide the Justice Department concurs.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.
