Recessed and Reconvened Meeting - March 18, 1991

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town
Council was held on Monday, March 18, 1991 at 7:00 P.M.
with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present: S. E. Carter, W. H. Carson, R. C. Hubbard,
Marvin Mitchell, R. L. Bass, and H. W. Conner came in later.

Others present: Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
approved the Agenda as submitted and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to increase the amount of the Police Service contract
by 10% effective July 1, 1991. ($5,000.00)

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On Item 6, of the Agenda, Council decided to handle as an
in-house problem. Mayor Spiggle will take care of this.

Council discussed the proposed lease for the Ball Park and
the Depot. Suggestions were made and the leases will be
re-drawn.and given back to Council at the next regular meeting.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to fh nge the Town Tag to a blank with a decal for
1992, and also, if it can be done, change the colors to
grey background with blue numbers.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell~aye
Conner-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council

“voted to proceed with the WélT at the Community Center

which includes the chlorination, and get the well on line
as soon as possible.

Bass~aye Carter~aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted
to accept Proctors figures, and proceed with the extension to
connect at Countryside Drive and extend to the Community
Center an 8" Waterline and connect to the new well.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

