194

Regular meeting - July ll, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, July 13, 1994 at 7:30 P.M. with Vice Mayor Bass
presiding.

Those members present: H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass, Steve Lawson,
and R. W. Mitchell,. Absent - W. H. Carson, S. E. Carter

Others present: Dennis Gragg, United Way, Kelly Bridges,
Lynchburg News, Julie Williams, Times-Virginian, and
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Dennis Gragg, representing the United Way, appeared before
Town Council to brief Council on how the United Way Campaign
works. They would like for the Town to do three things:
1. Request the United Way of Central Virginia to conduct a
fund raiser in the Town of Appomattox.
2. Authorize the Town Office to do a payroll deduction
for employees wishing to make a contribution
3. Appoint a Town Employee to assist in giving and
accepting pledge cards from Town Employees only.

At this time Mayor spiggle arrived and took over the
Chair, Mr. Bass stepped down.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the Consent Agenda with one correction to
the Council minutes dated June 13, 1994 on Page 1, paragraph
8, to include Pine Street, and all those present voting

aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to table the request on United Way until the August
meeting and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the bid from the Carpet House at a price
of $1,195.00 to do the ceiling, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the resolution endorsing the National
Association for a balanced Federal System proposed to allow
Constitutional Amendments through State Legislature as
envisioned by the Constitution's Framers.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council

voted .to appoint Mr. R.:W. Mitchell, to the joint. Planning
Commission representing the Town for a two year term beginning
July 1, 1994 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
