1993 vel

Regular Meeting - September 13,

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, September 13, 1993, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: S. E. Lawson, H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass,
R. W. Mitchell, S. E. Carter, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Lisa Pritcher, Dennis Gragg, and Bernard
C. Proctor, P.E.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to adopt the Agenda with one addition to New Business
3. St. Anne's Church, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Mr. Dennis Gragg, CVPDC, spoke to Council in regard to the
Lynchburg Neighborhood Development Foundation applying for
Funding for low income, first time buyer in the PDC area.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to offer a resolution in support to Lynchburg Neighborhood
Development Foundation and appoint S. E. Lawson.to the Advisory
Committee to represent the Town and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to accept the recommendation of the Planning Commission
and approve the Conditional Use Permit for Steve and Laura
Lawson on 111 Court Street,

Bass~-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Mitchell-aye Conner-aye
Lawson - abstains due to personal interest Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to request that 2 Hour Parking be put on Lee Street on
both sides to the Masonic Lodge property and all those present

voting aye. “Motion carried. = i OS

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to request that the Highway Department instail "No
Parking" on the east side of Lee Street from the Masonic Lodge
property to its intersettion with Atwood Street. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Lawson, Council

voted to request that two Street lights be installed, one on
Sunnydale Avenue behind R. A. Sears property which will require
a pole, and the other at the J. HE. Russell property and all
present voting aye. Motion carried.

