1 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, June 13,
2011 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members Present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry and Steven T. “Steve” Conner.  Absent: C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr. and Joyce
B. Bennett.

Others:  Sammy Carter, Linda Wall, Stephanie James, Rev. Paul Raymond, Jeff Taylor,
John Spencer, Lucy Harvey, Benny Harvey, Hazel Thomas, Bill Goodrich, Jeff Elder,
Utility Director; Stacy Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk; Bill
Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Paul Michael Raymond delivered the invocation.

Rev. Paul Michael Raymond led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances
John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator, said we have been working on the
Economic Development program for several years.  From the county’s prospective
Economic Development does not stop at the town limits, the county will work with all
town residents.  Mr. Spencer introduced Jeff Taylor, Appomattox County Director of
Economic Development.

Jeff Taylor thanked everyone and said he was looking forward to working with both the
Town and County of Appomattox.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey told of the dedication service held at Abbitt Park on
Friday afternoon.  He once again thanked Lynchburg Ready Mix, W.A. Stratton, Webber
Electric, Quality Builders and everyone in the Town Utility Department for all their hard
work, dedication and donations to make the pavilion possible.

Adoption of Consent Agenda
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to approve the consent agenda of June 13, 2011.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – None

2 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

New Business

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to award the 2011 Curbside Solid Waste Collection Contract to BFI Waste
Services, LLC d/b/a Allied Waste Services of Lynchburg - #2701 for an annual cost of
$79,812.00.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to amend and reenact Chapter 126 – Licensing (Business and Professional
Occupational License Ordinance) of the Code for the Town of Appomattox.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to amend and reenact Chapter 5, Administration; Article II, Town Council;
Division 2, Committees of the Code for the Town of Appomattox.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner,
Council voted to adopt the Local/Regional Water Supply Plan by resolution.

A RESOLUTION APPROVING THE REGION 2000 REGIONAL
WATER SUPPLY PLAN

WHEREAS, Virginia State Water Control Board Regulation 9 VAC 25-780, Local and
Regional Water Supply Planning, requires all counties, cities and towns in the
Commonwealth of Virginia to prepare and submit a water supply plan to the Department
of Environmental Quality (DEQ); and
WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is a participant in the Region 2000 Regional Water
Supply Planning Group as reported to DEQ by letter before the November 2, 2008
deadline; and

WHEREAS, on June 13, 2011, the Appomattox Town Council held a public hearing to
accept public comment on the Regional Water Supply Plan; and

WHEREAS, the adopted Regional Water Supply Plan will be submitted to the DEQ on or
before November 2, 2011.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council of the Town
of Appomattox hereby adopts the Region 2000 Regional Water Supply Plan as it pertains
to the Town of Appomattox.  Approval and adoption of this regional plan indicates
support for and general agreement with the regional planning approach, but does not
indicate approval or disapproval of conclusions and recommendations presented in the
plan as they pertain to other localities.  The Town of Appomattox reserves the right to
comment on specific water supply alternatives in the future even though such alternatives
may be recommended in this adopted plan.  The Town of Appomattox will not be limited

3 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

to specific water supply alternatives in this adopted plan and reserves the right to
recommend additional alternatives for consideration in the future.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council of the Town of
Appomattox intends that that the Regional Water Supply Plan shall be revised to reflect
changes in relevant data at least once every five years and resubmitted to DEQ every ten
years in accordance with the regulation and sound planning practice.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to adopt an Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council Adopting
the Fiscal Year 2011-2012 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN
COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2011-2012 BUDGET FOR THE
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of
Virginia, require that the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for
the budget year no later than the date on which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2011-2012 Budget was published on April -27,
2011 in the Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506, Code
of Virginia, and public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on
Monday, May 9, 2011;

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in
General Session on June 13, 2011, does hereby approve the following General Fund
Expenditures by Category for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative Department
Professional
Police Department
Fire Department
Street Department
Sanitation Department
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Donation/Contributions

40,425.
394,889.
40,000.
51,000.
30,000.
447,544.
86,000.
35,000.
15,000.
26,500.

4 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

 26,000.
21,750.
1,214,108.

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the
property tax rate at $.13 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.55 per $100.00
of assessed value for personal property, $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value for
machinery and tools, and $.13 per $100.00 of assessed value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section
58.1-3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by
Chapter 1 of the Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E
(Personal Property Tax Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly
any qualifying vehicle sitused within the Town commencing January 1, 2006, shall
receive personal property tax relief in the following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 60% tax

relief;

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 60% tax relief

on the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use
vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of
tax relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Bank Stock Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Franchise Tax
Consumption Tax
Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Zoning
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property

170,000.
135,000.
5,000.
1,000.
 120,000.
435,000.
30,000.
5,700.
7,500.
25,000.
150,000.
1,000.
15,000.
10,000.

5 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

Motor Vehicle Tax
Sales Tax
Aid to Police Department (HB599)
Fire Programs
Miscellaneous
Other Reimbursables
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

3,000.
50,000.
41,408.
8,000.
1,000.
500.
1,214,108.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Tourism Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

TOURISM FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Tourism Department
TOTAL TOURISM EXPENDITURES

97,500.
97,500.

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Tourism Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

TOURISM FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
VIC Gift Shop
Transfer from General Fund
TOTAL TOURISM FUND REVENUES

17,500.
80,000.
97,500.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

594,624.
594,624.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
Miscellaneous
Rental of Misc. Property

400,000.
3,000.
5,000.
2,000.
5,000.
5000.
70,000.

6 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

Use of Beginning Balance
Capital Fees
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

50,000.
54,624.
594,624.

SECTION X:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

833,721.
833,721.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve
the following Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2011-2012;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees
County Reimbursement SBR & IDA PS
Park Service Maintenance
Interest
Use of Beginning Balance
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

600,000.
2,500.
2,500.
79,000.
1,800.
10,000.
137,921.
833,721.

SECTION XII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal
Year 2011-2012 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section
15.2-2507, Code of Virginia; and,

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the
Fiscal Year Budget for 2011-2012 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2011 and the
monies necessary to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of
Council and maintained as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town
Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye. Absent:  McDearmon
and Bennett.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to purchase a Siren Controller for the tornado warning device for
$1,897.80.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

7 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

Citizen Comment Period – None

Council Concerns – Council Member Spiggle thanked Jeff Elder for taking his time to
come to her house to help her out with cleaning her driveway.  He has also helped her
neighbors and they appreciate it very much.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 5 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real
property for a public purpose, where discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect
the bargaining position or negotiating strategy of the public body, specifically being for the
expansion and/or relocation of the Public Works facilities.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye.  Absent:  McDearmon
and Bennett.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified
in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this
council.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye.  Absent:  McDearmon
and Bennett.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn at 8:40 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

8 Regular Meeting
   Monday, June 13, 2011

