ref: reel_02_0277
date: 1953-02-16
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor’s Office on February 16, 1953, with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding. The following members were present: Chas. F. James, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr., J. T. Almond and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. Wm. F. Bigoney and his delegation met with the Council on behalf of getting something done about the bad water they are getting on North Avenue. A motion was made by Chas. F. James, seconded by J. T. Almond that copper water line on North Avenue be replaced with galvanized pipe. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that the attached Garbage removal ordinance be approved to become effective April 1, 1953. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that the Ordinance passed by the Council on January 19, 1953, that a 4 in. water line be installed from the State Highway Shop to Lee-Grant Avenue on State road No. 1003 be recinded. Motion carried.

Motion was made by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that a 4 in. water line be installed from Hurt Lumber Co., up Lee-Grant Avenue to State Road No. 1003. Motion carried.

Motion was made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by J. T. Almond that the Ordinance passed by the Council on Jan. 19, 1953, to run a 1 ½ in. water line from Lee-Grant Avenue south on State road No. 1003 approximately 1200 feet and all cost of more than $270.00 to be paid by J. E. Jamerson be recinded. Motion carried.

A motion was made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by J. T. Almond that any water line outside of the Town Corporate limits the property owners will pay $50.00 per 100 feet frontage or the equivalent. Motion carried.

Motion was made by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by Chas. F. James that the Town Manager contact the property owners for the proposed sidewalks on Route 131 and 460, to see if they will give the right-of-way and pay one-half of the cost of construction of the sidewalks. Motion carried.

A motion was made by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by J. T. Almond that the Town drop their membership in the League of Virginia Municipalities. Motion carried.

A motion was made by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by Chas. F. James, that the Mayor and Town Manager sell to the best advantage the old fire truck. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting of March 16, 1953.
chunk_id: 19761
record_id: 781
page_number: 1

