1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, January 28,
2014 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Katrina Koetring, News & Advance; Stephanie James, Times Virginian; Bobby
Wingfield, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager, and Roxanne W.
Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Mr. Gillespie presented through graphic displays the lease agreement process for the cell tower
sites.  There are two (2) leases at the 1,000,000 gallon water tank, specifically US Cellular and
American Tower (Verizon).

US Cellular owns the tower and the Town owns the land.  American Tower owns the Verizon
tower and the Town owns the land.  US Cellular as 2 antennas, one for US Cellular and one for
Public Safety (Appomattox County).  Again, the Tower belongs to the US Cellular and the land
on which it sits belongs to the Town of Appomattox.  The current lease expires in 2025.  If US
Cellular added another tenant this would enable the Town to collect 50% of the rent collected by
US Cellular of the new tenant.

American Tower owns the tower on which Verizon is located.  The lease does not expire until
2032.  They do not have to ask permission to add another antenna.

There are two (2) other leases on the 100,000 gallon water tank, specifically Ntelos and T-
Mobile.  The Ntelos lease expires in 2020 and is for antennas located on the Town’s water tank.
The T-Mobile lease expires in 2039 and is also for antennas located on the Town’s water tank.

A lengthy discussion was then prompted by a question and answer session:

Mr. Conner asked what happens if the 100,000 gallon tank disappears?

Mr. Gillespie responded – disappears?

Mr. Conner – yeah or we moved it?

Mr. Gillespie – no tower there?

Mr. Conner – in other words – no tower there?  What’s our obligation to those people?

Mr. Gillespie – I don’t know – that’s not covered in the lease.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

Mr. Garrett – Can they keep us from taking the tank down?

Mr. Gillespie – No – if the tanks not there.  You don’t have an obligation to them no more than
they do to you.  If you decide you want to take the tank down – are you saying they would tell
you – you can’t take it down?  It’s a public facility.  Do you want to take it down?

Mr. Conner – No, I am just saying if the Health Department says this tank isn’t usable for the
Town.  What obligation do we have to these people on this lease?

Mr. Gillespie – I don’t know – it’s a public facility.
AP Wireless is only buying the rents.  They have presented several options to pay you for those
rents.

Mayor Harvey – aren’t the options included in the rates – preventing us from re-negotiating until
the lease fully expires?

Mr. Gillespie - All property rights would be retained by the Town.  Public Safety equipment
would be addressed in the contract and remain there in perpetuity.

Mr. Conner – Don’t we have to work that out with US Cellular not AP Wireless.

Mr. Gillespie – No, all you are doing is selling the rents.  You put all this in the contract.  You
want to make sure that none of this is assumed.

Mr. Conner – We would have to get US Cellular to agree not just AP Wireless.

Mr. Gillespie – US Cellular says that they can put the Public Safety on there, right?

Mr. Conner – I don’t know – that’s why I am asking.  What are the incentives to the County?

Mr. Gillespie – None that I know of.

Mr. Bobby Wingfield (from the audience) advised Council that there are 4 connectors on the US
Cellular tower, spaced out.  Public safety and the school system share it right now

Mr. Gillespie – that agreement stays with the Town and US Cellular.

Mr. Conner – But then you sell the leases.

Mr. Gillespie – No, that’s the problem we are getting into – we are not selling the lease.  We are
selling the rents.  The leases are still yours.

Mr. Conner – 50 years?  Why can’t we sell them for the remaining portion of the leases/rent? 11
years, 6 years, etc.?

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

Mr. Gillespie – You could but you’d get less money.

Mr. Conner – Rather than tie it up for 50 years.  You’d have it tied up for less time.

Mr. Gillespie – You signed leases for long periods of time before.  This isn’t the first time this
has come up.

Mr. Conner – These leases were not negotiated property and not at the rates they should have
been.

Mr. Gillespie - You can go in when they are re-negotiated and not give renewing terms.  At the
end of the current lease amount you will get the difference 100% from your current vendors.
The rent and lease are two different things.

Mayor Harvey – explain what you are missing Steve.

Mr. Conner - Why would AP Wireless buy it for 50 years?  Why not just buy it for 11 years?

Mr. Gillespie – They will buy it for 2 years if you want them too.
But we are talking about $1,001,000 vs. $20,000 – That’s where I see the difference.  This has
been going on for a long time.

Mr. Gillespie – I have trouble understanding whether its 50 years or 100 years as long as I have
the mechanism to negotiate the points what difference does it make if its 200 years?

Mr. Conner – Can the companies with the leases protest any increase or proposal when their
lease is up because they are now locked in with AP Wireless for 50 years?  What makes US
Cellular have to have a new lease?

Mr. Gillespie – AP Wireless is buying the rent.

Mr. Mayberry – The lease is for the tower alone.  The rent is for what goes on the tower.

Mr. Conner – I understand that.

Mrs. Casto – No, the rent is for the land.

Mr. Conner – Right, the rent is for the Tower.

Mr. Mayberry – It’s our land.

Mr. Gillespie – These are tow you have locked in because you own the land.

Mr. Conner – That’s right.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

Mr. Gillespie – I don’t know what else to tell you.  You will have all the flexibility you would
need and have still had.  Plus, you have a cash proposal to do other things.

Any questions?
None

Mrs. Puckette – I think when you put this in perspective all of these leases have been extremely
long term in my mind.  I come from a Real Estate background and I tend to think 1 or 5
years…this seems longer.  In the beginning that really bothered me, but we still are only going to
sell our income or lease our income and not anything else.  Am I correct?

Mr. Gillespie – Explained the Verizon commercial – That’s the game these guys are playing –
They are trying to make their portfolio larger.  They can use this as a marketing tool & put new
people anywhere you want to go.

Mrs. Puckette – We are not losing anything, we are just taking our rent upfront, correct?

Mr. Gillespie – You only have 1 of those leases that are coming due in 6 years.

Mr. Conner – I understand what you’re saying now but I don’t read their proposal that way.

Mr. McDearmon – And what do they propose paying?

Mr. Gillespie - $1,001,000.

Mr. Conner – is that a lump sum?

Mr. Gillespie – No, the lump sum is $850,000.  The 5 year option is $1,001,000.  I am going to
pick up where we left off at the committee meeting.  I would suggest you take the 5 year option
because you are going to end up spreading these projects over time.  You’ve got the time.  At
least you’ve got the Capital Improvement cash mechanism.

Ms. Spiggle – So tell me what you’re getting each year?

Mr. Gillespie - $91,000 in 11 payments over 5 years = $1,001,000.

Mr. Conner – and the current rent roll is $80,000/year?

Mr. Gillespie – No, it’s $60,000.  You’ve lost $26,000.

Mr. Conner – Let me ask you a question – If we don’t take it lump sum and another customer
pulls out in 5 years – are we out of that money too?

Mr. Gillespie – No, that doesn’t have anything to do with you.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

Mr. Conner – What’s the return on investment Ms. Wilkes?  Taking the lump sum vs. payments?

Ms. Wilkes – I believe I would have to calculate that Mr. Conner – I do not have that
information off the top of my head.

Mr. Garrett – What would the proposal be if US Cellular wasn’t in there?

Mr. Gillespie – I don’t know because when the RFP was made available it was included.  And
we did get a 2 week extension, the deadline is tomorrow.

Ms. Puckette – If we don’t do it we won’t have a way to fund our projects.  While this may not
be the best proposal I’ve seen in my real estate time it is a means to an end.  Our choices come to
“do nothing” and run the risk of losing towers or accept some funding to make things happen.
Things we have come here to do.  It is a difficult decision when you think about leasing
something for so many years but this is the way they do business.  But, if do not take this money
now and move forward – it’s been almost 2 years here not – planning and trying to move forward
and make some things happen.  Then we have wasted all this and will not have done for our
citizens what we told them we would do.  So is the best option in the world?  Probably not.  Is it
the option we have – yes.  I think after much thought that the only way for us to get the seed
money we need to do our economic growth and development.  If we don’t we will have set
ourselves back even further.  It’s time for us to do something.

Ms. Spiggle – Well said.

This concluded the discussion.

Councilmember Mayberry made a motion, seconded by Councilmember Puckette to accept the
proposal by AP Wireless for the purchase of the rents for the Town’s four cell sites.
Councilmember Mayberry also moved that the Mayor and Finance Committee Chairman enter
into negotiations with AP Wireless in order to develop a contract which the Mayor would be
authorized to sign on behalf of the Town.
Roll Call Vote –
Ayes – McDearmon, Spiggle, Mayberry, Puckette
Noes – Garrett, Conner
Motion carries 4-2.

Mr. Garrett asked that before anything is signed that our attorney’s make sure that the 911 and
schools will not be harmed.  I can see it being lost.

Mayor Harvey assured Mr. Garrett that Mr. Wright (Town Attorney) would review everything.

Mr. Conner – And we will make sure that we are just selling rents?  Our present rent.

Mr. Harvey – yes, that’s already in the proposal.

6  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
January 28, 2014

Mr. Conner – But that isn’t what was in writing.

Mr. Gillespie & Mr. Harvey – yes it is.

Mr. Conner – Okay

Committee Updates-

Finance & Planning:
Mr. McDearmon reported that in their January committee meeting they heard from Jeff Elder,
Facilities Manager concerning the purchase of a used dump truck and a mini excavator.  After
much searching he (Jeff) advised the committee that he could not find anything for the money
council had set forth.  So he (Jeff) wanted the committee to put the money set aside for the mini
excavator towards the funds for the dump truck which they still haven’t gotten any leads on.  The
committee discussed the payout options on the cell tower leases and the proposal for the cell
tower leases.  Lastly, the Committee discussed the Priorities and Initiatives for 2014 and beyond.

Physical Development Committee:
Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met this afternoon and Mr. Proctor Harvey and Mr.
Dave Farley made a presentation on how to improve the Town with enhancements, particularly
to enhance the corridors for tourists.

Staff Member Updates:
Town Clerk – none
Town Treasurer – none
Town Manager – none

Council Concerns:
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

