1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, February 9, 2009

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on February 9, 2009 at
7:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council
members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky”
Williams, Karl E. Carter, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Barbara Shelton,
Chad Millner, Cliff Harvey, Benny Harvey, Sarah Watson, Bob Hopkins, Mary Williams, Mitch
Lutke, Paul Michael Raymond, Barbara McLaughlin, Wanda Jobe, Sarah Robertson, Stephanie
James,Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield, David Garrett, Jr. and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order at 7:30 pm.

Mayor Harvey welcomed everyone.

Rev. Mitch Lutke gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Williams, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with the
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda as presented.  Motion
carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with the
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to add an additional item to the agenda – NB #3
Consideration to accept a recommendation of the Personnel Committee to request the assistance
of Appomattox County for Zoning Administrator during the interim of the Town not having
qualified staff to administer the program.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams and
with the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to remove NB#2 Consideration to allow
the Utility Committee to investigate a Water/Sewer (Utility) Rate Relief program.  Motion
carried.

Public Comments – none

Mayor’s Comments – In efforts to increase communication between town staff and town council
members, Mayor Harvey suggested calling the Town Office once a day to check for daily
updates, for council members to check their box each day for material added by the town staff
and for committee chairs to communicate with other council members.

Mr. Williams recognized the newly hired Director of Tourism, Will Simmons to the meeting.
Mr. Simmons thanked the council and stated he was eager and anxious to begin working with the
Town and Department of Tourism.  He also thanked the town staff for their assistance.

Appearances – None

Unfinished Business – None

New Business –

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, February 9, 2009

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with all
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to allow the Street & Property Committee to
proceed with creating a Tree City Program and ordinance for the Town of Appomattox.  Motion
carried.

On a recommendation by Councilmember Williams, Chairman of the Personnel Committee,
Council voted to accept the recommendation of the committee to request the assistance of
Appomattox County (by letter) for Zoning Administrator duties during the interim of the Town
not having qualified staff to administer the program.  Motion carried.

Council Concerns – None

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry and
with the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

