ref: reel_02_0720
date: 1973-11-26
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, November 26, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. with Vice-Mayor Mrs. C. H. Robinson presiding.

Members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, and Ivey Holland.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Minutes of a committee were read.

Conner made a motion that Section 18.1-54.1 of the drunk driving statutes be adopted to up-date the Town Code, seconded by Hubbard. Motion carried.

Mr. Guill made the motion that a street light be installed on Lombardy Street and one on Patricia Anne Lane, seconded by Mr. Holland. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported on the proposed County ordinance regarding the Building Code. He also discussed the landfill operation.

Mr. Slagle explained that the equipment to incorporate the 39.58 frequency into the Sheriff's system is not available. Council discussed the matter but took no action.

Mr. Holland made a motion to authorize Mr. Slagle to submit the F.H.A. Form AD621 subject to the Mayor's approval. Mr. Hubbard seconded. Motion carried.

Mr. Holland reported that it was time to prepare a proposed budget for 1974.

Mr. Slagle explained that he had asked the State Department of Personnel to prepare an independent study and classification structure of the Town's personnel system, which he hopes to have to present to the Finance Committee.

Mr. Webb reported plans needed to be made for Annual Supper to be held in December. It was tentatively decided to have the Banquet at Jeanne's on December 17, 1973, at 6:30 P.M. The matter was referred to the committee to make arrangements.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion to donate the usual $5.00 per Fireman for the Town's donation to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department.

Conner reported he has received four letters pertaining to the future use of the Depot. Council recognized the submitting of the letters and authorized Mr. Slagle to answer them. No action was taken at the time, on the use of the "Depot."
chunk_id: 20171
record_id: 1191
page_number: 1

