ref: reel_02_0721
date: 1973-12-01
content: Mr. Slagle was requested to check on the possibility of having a brush pile at the back of Rutledge's Shoe Shop removed.

The following resolution was adopted on a motion by Mr. Hubbard and seconded by Mr. Guilt:

BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED that the governing body of the Town of Appomattox, the Town Council, declares that the necessity for and the expediency of the annexation of the Thomasville Plant Site and the new Appomattox High School property to the Town of Appomattox exist and that such annexation should be decreed by the Court.

Motion carried.

Council approved the installation of 2 hour limited parking signs on Oakleigh Avenue from Church Street to Harrell Street so long as it does not interfere with the residents parking on that street.

Mr. Slagle reported the Downtown Appomattox Redevelopment Committee has begun work.

Mr. Holland made a motion to change the sewer tap fee from $40.00 to $120.00 effective December 1, 1973. Mr. Webb seconded. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported Mr. J. C. Caldwell has requested that the Town raise his pay from $25.00 per month to $40.00 per month. Mr. Holland made a motion to pay Mr. Caldwell $40.00 per month and seconded by Hubbard. Motion carried.

Council voted to support the energy crisis by having the Christmas lights burn from only 5:00 P.M. to 9:00 P.M. They will be cut on December 15, 1973 and turned off January 1, 1974. The Council also voted to request that the citizens of Appomattox conserve water as much as possible as an indirect means of saving energy.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed      Vice Mayor
       Mrs. C. H. Robinson

Signed      Clerk
       B. H. Mullins
chunk_id: 20172
record_id: 1192
page_number: 1

