ref: reel_03_0718
date: 1980-04-14
content: Page 2 of 5
Regular meeting - April 14, 1980

advisement for some help with the Ball Park. They wanted to inform us that when their budget is approved they will get back with us.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, the Sewer Rehabilitation Schedule was changed from a 5 year period to a ten year period. It will now read -----1980-1990.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Gordon-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported on the Virten, LTD. project and also on the Sewerage grant as it stands right now. There is no money to fund this addendum at this time.

After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to try to stop the Regional Sewerage Facility Project due to the inflationary times and the perilous economic conditions.

Bass-aye Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported on the Sewer Committee meeting on the Sewer Tests. The Committee recommends that we request an amendment to our N.P.D.E.S. permit for five days instead of seven days testing.

Mr. Gordon made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, to accept the recommendation of the Sewer Committee and request an amendment to our present permit.

Conner-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Gordon-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported that Well #12 is only producing 14 GPM, and it is not cost-effective to connect the well to our system at this time.

Well #13 is located on D. S. Nash property. Mr. Britton would like permission to drill a well on this property. There would be no costs for land or right-of-way acquisition. The expense would be in the drilling of the well, and running the pipe line. Mr. Nash has stipulated that if the well is discontinued it would immediately revert back to him.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Town Council authorized Mr. Britton to drill the well on Mr. Nash's property and agrees to the terms and stipulation as stated above.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Bass-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported that the Planning Commission has asked Central Virginia Planning District Commission to assist them in revising the Zoning Ordinance for the Town. The Town's Share in this cost would be $3,414.00.

Mr. Bass made the recommendation that the Zoning Board of Appeals be requested to make suggestions to the Planning Commission and not use C.V.P.D.C.'s proposal. Council agreed with this recommendation.
chunk_id: 20794
record_id: 1814
page_number: 1

