ref: reel_03_0721
date: 1980-04-14
content: We also have requests from citizens concerning parking on Church Street. Mr. Robert Carter, Attorney, has requested that the "No Parking" signs be removed and allow the residents to park on the west side of Church Street from the intersection of Highland Avenue to the intersection with Atwood Street. The Street Committee recommends the removal of these signs as requested.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to accept the recommendations of the Street Committee and request the removal of the "No Parking" signs from the west side of Church Street, by the Virginia Department of Highways as stated above.

Conner-nay Carter-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Gordon-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

A request to look at the parking on Church Street at the East end of the Depot was discussed but Council voted to leave this as it is now.

A request from Mr. McDearmon to put "No Parking" signs on the West Side of Church Street in Chinatown was also looked at by the Street Committee. Their recommendation was that the parking be changed to limited parking on the West side and park on the East side, with a loading zone for O. B. Garris.

Mr. Lawson made the motion, seconded by Mr. Bass, to leave the parking in this area as it is now until further study can be made.

Conner-nay Carter-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-nay Motion carried by a 4 to 2 vote.

Mr. Britton reported on the Drainage Project on Church Street. He also reported on the Sidewalk Project on Route 727.

Mayor Spiggle reported on the Anti-Litter Program. They have requested the use of the Town Truck for pick-up service. Mayor Spiggle informed them that the Town truck was available for use in Town only. Council agreed to this request.

Mr. Britton reported on a request from a young resident of Appomattox, who wants to work with public administration. Joe Ford wants to work with the Town Manager during the summer months and get credit for his work from the College. Council agreed that he can work with the Town Manager if he would like, but they do not feel they can afford to pay him.

The meeting adjourned at 10:45 P.M.
chunk_id: 20796
record_id: 1816
page_number: 1

