ref: reel_03_0722
date: 1980-04-23
content: A special call of Council was held on Wednesday, April 23, 1980 at 5:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were R. C. Hubbard, T. E. Conner, M. E. Gordon, S. E. Carter, and T. W. Lawson.

Also present were W. R. Britton, Jr. Town Manager and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The Mayor opened the meeting as set forth in Section 2-344 of the Town Code and stated that the meeting was being held to discuss the Regional Sewerage Facility only.

Mr. Britton reported to Council that we have an up-date on the Sewerage Grant. Charlie Massie, State Water Control Board, has come up with the funds to do the study. This money is only for an addendum. There is no money available for new and innovative ideas. Ten percent of the money is now available and we will get a letter of assurances for the other 90% but this money is not available now. This would be on an "if" basis, if Congress comes up with the money then we can have it.

The Chairman of the State Water Control has told us that they will not do anything if we will do something about our existing system, which, we do plan to do. If the Addendum was done and structured to show specifically remodeling and revamping our existing system, and if it is done this way, a "Step" with an eye towards refurbishing our system and running the line to put the sewerage in Falling River, then when we can afford it, build the new Facility.

It was the general consensus of the Concil that we will refurbish our lines, up-grade our plant, cut the service area, and serve the people of the Town of Appomattox.

It was also general consensus of Town Council that we go to the State Water Control Board, explain that due to the economic conditions at this time, we can not build the new facility but will up-grade our present system. Then we can ask if they will go along with our plans instead of building the new plant.

Council also requested that the Referendum on the construction of the new Regional Sewerage Facility at an approximate costs of 2.4 million dollars, be on the Agenda for the next regular Council meeting.

The meeting adjourned at 6:45.
chunk_id: 20797
record_id: 1817
page_number: 1

