ref: reel_02_0163
date: 1946-08-05
content: Regular meeting of Council Mayor Chas F. James presiding and the following members present: Alderman J.C. Emerson, Raymond James, B.F. Beelman, O.B. Jenkins, Eddie M. Johnson and J. H. Arnold.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved. There being no unfinished business, the council proceeded with new business.
It was moved and carried that we buy a new battery for the old fire truck, and it was to be displayed to prospective buyers.
A permit was granted to Jerry Holland to build a garage house on Court St. 45 x 85. Cinder block construction.
To build 2 dwelling houses on own land property and to be wood frame construction, 5 rooms each, at an estimated cost of $4500 each and house by brick construction 7 rooms estimate cost $18,500.
Also 4 room frame dwelling on Main St. estimated cost of $2500 as above permits were granted.
The clerk was instructed to get estimates of cost to resurface our streets, and also to let the WPA FSA have an office map for 3 days charg to make copy of same, and also to give others where it will save expense. The following bills ordered paid:
Water Co 29.40, Consumers Gas Co 20.00, Power House Co 1.10, Dr Cully 129.10, Insurance Exp Inc 1.01, GTew Construction 138.30, Upper Sur Rte 15.43, FM O'Brien 75.00, Fixit Shop 4.03, WB Shows Co 7.50, Frame Agreement .75, JG Mitchell 5.95, MM Millche 25.00, AH Robins H 500, 62.67, 62.67.
Mayor's warrant and Treasurer's statement read to the council. No further action.
JH Lamthorne Clerk
Chas F. James Mayor
chunk_id: 19659
record_id: 679
page_number: 1

