ref: reel_03_0433
date: 1979-01-08
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 8, 1979, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding. Members present were R. C. Hubbard, Maurice E. Gordon, T. W. Lawson, Thomas E. Conner, and Samuel E. Carter. Those also present were: Mr. Bob Pierce, District Traffic Engineer and Mr. T. E. Pittman, Resident Engineer, Virginia Department of Highways. Mayor Spiggle dispensed with the reading of the minutes at this time to hear from the visitors. Mr. Pierce and Mr. Pittman explained to Council the different solutions to the Traffic Problems on 460 at Thomasville and the Shopping Center. Mr. Pierce suggested that three lane traffic be used as the best solution to the problem. It was the consensus of Council that the public be given a chance to comment on these solutions. The minutes of the last meeting were and amended as follows: Mr. Carter made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon to rescind the "Motion to buy a utility body for the 71 Chevrolet Pick-up with the unallocated Revenue Sharing Funds." Conner-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Carter-aye Gordon-Ng. To correct a statement made in the regular December meeting minutes to read "The Town needs to advertize for four (4) consecutive weeks as mandated by State Law." To add "Out of Town Sewer Rate" to a motion made by Hubbard and seconded by Mr. Gordon to adopt a new Sewer Ordinance in the December regular meeting. The motion was made by Conner, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to designate who opens the bids on Cable TV, was rescinded by Council, because the Law requires that they be opened in a Regular Session of Council. The minutes of the last meeting were then approved with the corrections and amendments as stated above. Mr. Lawson made the motion, seconded by Mr. Carter to table action on the Sewer Facilities Plan until the next regular meeting. Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Gordon -aye Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Gordon, to authorize Mr. Britton, to have the additional engineering work done for the HUD Grant Program. Conner-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Gordon-aye
chunk_id: 20585
record_id: 1605
page_number: 1

