i

Regular Meeting - October 14, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, October 14, 1991 at 7:30 P.M. in the Appomattox
Town Office.

Those members present were: H. W. Conner, Marvin Mitchell,
R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, S. E. Carter, and R. C. Hubbard.

Others present: Audrey Wright, Dennis Gragg, David S. Nash,
Franklin Vaughan, Bud O'Rear, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council

voted to approve the Agenda and Council minutes and ali those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, second by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to approve the August and September Financial Statement after
much discussion and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Audrey Wright appeared before Council to present her proposal

for a Diaper Service on Atwood Street. She: will need updated

water line to be installed.

Council will study this proposal from Mrs. Wright and get back
with her.

Mr. Dennis Gragg, County Administrator, gave a brief informative
talk regarding the "Referendum" on the Landfill.

Council stated their regret of Dennis' resignation and wished
him well in his new job.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted

to adopt the following resolution of the Landfill:

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Mitchell-aye
Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to deny the request from Mr. Richard Stein for a permit
to keep sheep on his property on Lee-Grant Avenue and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to participate in the Blue Cross-Blue Shield premium
conversion plan effective November 1, 1991.

Bass-~aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

