# PUBLIC MEETING – July 12, 2004

Page 2 of 2

56

Spee es se _ page: 2-0-2: es joensen ee a ee pec eee ae eee

- Pubic. Hearing - - July 12, 2004. ne i

'. 4, Whether any part of the next earnings of such organization inures to
the benefit of any individual and whether any significant portion of the
service provided by such organization is generated by funds received
from donations, contributions or local, state or federal grants. As used
in this subsection, donations shall include the providing of personal
services or the contribution of in-kind or other material services?
Pastor Raymond responded “Since being non-profit — No”.

5, Whether the organization provides services for the common good of
the public? Pastor Raymond responded “Any ethical, moral, religious
organization is good for common folk”.

6. Whether a substantial part of the activities of the organization involves
carrying on propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence
legislation and whether the organization participates in, or intervenes
in, any political campaign on behalf of any candidate for.public office?
Pastor Raymond responded “The Theonomic Reformation Institute

; does not endorse any political party or candidate.”

'- 7, The revenue impact to the locality and its taxpayers of exempting the
property? Pastor Raymond responded “No - $25.50 should not impact
the community”:

8. Any other criteria, facts, and circumstances that the governing body
deems pertinent to the adoption of the resolution -- None.

The public hearing was declared closed.
Respectfully submitted,

Bhvanne. Dtund

Roxanne W. Mundy, CMC
Town Clerk