# REGULAR MEETING – July 12, 2004

Page 4 of 8

S10

[aaa == - COUNCIL: WORKSHOP-—July 27)-2004-- 2) =. 20a a ee ee

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, July 27,
2004 at 7:00 p.m. at the Municipal Building with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present —John L. Wilson, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Marvin H. Mitchell,
Norman H. Mayberry, Joyce B. Bennett. Absent - Steven E. Lawson.

_ Others present — Carlton Duck; Derek Norfield, Charles Garrett, Chad Denton,
Times Virginian, Frank Wright, Town Attorney, David T. Garrett Jr, Town
Manager and Roxanne W. Mundy, Town Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle called the workshop meeting to order.

On a motion: by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
- Council voted to convene in closed session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A).7 of
_ the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with
egal counsel employed or retained by the council regarding specific.legal matters
requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel, specifically being Jegal
issues relating to condemnation of South Church Street sewer line replacement
project easements, legal obligations created by the Town/County Memorandum
of Understanding, legal procedures for the recovery of damages due to the
* negligent design of the Wastewater Treatment Plant and legal issues relating to
a proposed Department of Environmental Quality consent order relating to.the
‘Wastewater Treatment Plant on Church Street. All members present voting aye. °
Motion carried. ; ;

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business
matters lawfully exempted under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and
. (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion by which
the closed meeting was convened were heard, discussed or considered in the
meeting by this council.- :

VOTE — Benriett - aye, McDearmon ~ aye, Mayberry — aye, Mitchell — aye,
Wilson — aye, Lawson — Absent.

Kenny Rowlette was not present to given the presentation concerning the 2005
Reenactment.

On a motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,
Council voted to deny the request by KD Country 105.5 FM for Public Service