# REGULAR MEETING – July 12, 2004

Page 1 of 8

SUT

REGULAR MEETING ~ July 12, 2004

The Appomattox Town Council met in regular session on. Monday, July 12, 2004
at 7:30 p.m. at the Municipal Building with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members. present: Joyce Bennett, Marvin Mitchell, Lewis McDearmon, John

. Wilson, Steve Lawson. Absent: Norman Gimmy) Mayberry.

Others present: Chad Denton, Times Virginian, Charles Garrett, Larry Mobley, ©
Pastor and Mrs. Paul Michael! Raymond, Constance Raymond, Paul Coviello, Buz

“and Deb Dupant, John Lombardi, Maurice Page, Jane Pack, Wayne Phelps, Joe
Buchanan, Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield, Frank Wright, A. David Hawkins, Town

Attorneys and Roxanne W. Mundy, Clerk. .

‘Mayor Spiggle called the meeting to order.
: Mayor Spiggle began with a prayer.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,

Council voted to approve the consent agenda with the addition of NB-2 Election

of a President Pro-Tem (Vice-Mayor) as designed by the Town Charter and NB-3

Request of the Theonomic Reformation Institute for Tax Exempt Status from
Real Estate Taxes.in the Town of Appomattox. All members present voting aye.

Motion carried.

There were no public comments.

The Mayor welcomed, A. David Hawkins and Frank A. Wright, Jr. of Overbey,
Hawkins, Selz and Wright as Town Attorneys and 3ohn L. Wilson, Councilmember
to their first council meeting. .

Wayne Phelps appeared before Council to thank them for their support in the
recent reenactment and ask for monetary support of $3000-3500 for the 2005 -
Reenactment.

The Mayor also welcomed Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield who will be taping

the council meetings and having the aired on Fridays at 10 am and 7 pm on
Cable Channel 7 and UHF Channel 33.

Standing Committee Reports

1, Property & Streets - Chairman Lawson, reported that the lines have been
painted on Church Street near the intersection with Main Street.