# REGULAR MEETING – July 12, 2004

Page 2 of 2

S11

Page 2 of 2
July 27, 2004

Announcements for the Lynchburg Food Bank Campaign. All members present
voting aye. Motion carried. ,

The Mayor informed Council members that the Appomattox Battlefield Protection

Program did not fund the Battle of Appomattox Station property acquisition grant

that was submitted.

- Ona motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember

McDearmon; Council accepted the recommendation of award from, Hurt. & Proffitt
for the South Church Street Sanitary Improvement Project to George E. Jones &
Sons, Inc. being the low bidder for $98,014.00. Hurt & Proffitt will send a Notice
of Award, however, not a Notice to Proceed until all easements have been
signed. All members present voting aye. Motion carried. .

Ona motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,
Council voted to allow Mr; Frank Wright and Mr. David Garrett to identify sections
of the Town Code for re-codifying and then meet with the Ordinance Committee

_..for recommendations. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Garrett briefed Council regarding street names and numbers that have been
supplied by the Timmons group for the E911 system. Grant funds were available
for up to $25 per sign for.each location within the Town Limits. A type of sign
needs to be decided upon. He is requesting some direction from Council. The
types of signs and/or numbers exceeded the price allocated. The Mayor
recommended the Street & Property Committee meet to discuss samples and
bring a recommendation back to Council. :

Ona motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,
Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion

carried.
C ; .
gua C. Spiggle, Mayor .

| Hhlonse WYiund/ |

Roxanne W. Mundy, CMC