1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 11, 2009

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on May 11, 2009 at 6:30
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Bob Hopkins, Carlton Duck,
Derek Norfield, Stephanie James, Frank Wright, Town Attorney and Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise,
Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code
of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment
of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the
financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically being the
discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox County regarding the waterline from
Concord to Appomattox and pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where
competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affected,  specifically being the discussion of the oral
proposal submitted by the Museum of the Confederacy relating to the Town’s anticipated
contribution of  the 4.0 acres intended for the Museum of the Confederacy.

VOTE:
Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

VOTE:
Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Ronnie Rogers, New Hope Baptist Church gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams and
with the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of May 11,
2009 with the addition of NB #5 – Consideration to approve a request for a July 4th Fireworks
Celebration sponsored by the Town of Appomattox  as presented.  Motion carried.

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, May 11, 2009

Public Comments –
Bob Hopkins, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. addressed the Mayor and Council Members regarding their
expired contract for engineering services.  Mr. Hopkins stated that while Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. is
very disappointed that they were not selected they are very gratified for the work they had
received during the town’s thirteen (13) year relationship.

Mayor’s Comments – Thanked staff for their continued diligences while being short staffed.

Appearances – Kelly Hitchcock, Region 2000 Local Government Council presented the Master
Sidewalk Plan.  Bryan Baine thanked Kelly and the Region 2000 Local Government Council for
the plan.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Carter,
Council voted to adopt the publication of a Town Newsletter three (3) times per year as
recommended by the Fire & Safety Committee.  All members present voting  aye.  Motion
carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted to
refer the Sign Ordinance to the Appomattox County Planning Commission for a joint public
hearing with the Planning Commission and Appomattox Town Council.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adopt the Master Sidewalk Plan as presented by Region 2000 Local Government
Council.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, Council
voted to approve a request for a July 4th Fireworks Celebration sponsored by the Town of
Appomattox at the cost of $8,000.00.  Vote:  Baine – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye,
Carter - aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye, Mayberry – no.  Motion carried 5 to 1.

Consideration of Closed Session items:
The Town Manager will draft a proposal response to Appomattox County regarding the April 20,
2009 offer on the Concord Waterline.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams and with all
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 8:30 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

