ref: reel_03_0661
date: 1982-05-10
content: On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to notify the property owners directly involved of the intent of Mrs. Ella Hollins, and if there is no disagreement by the citizens bring the request back to Council at the next regular meeting in June 1982.

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Carson, Council voted to table Item 5, New Business, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to deny the request from several citizens on Lee-Grant Avenue for parking on this street after 6:00 P.M. and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to go into Executive Session to discuss personnel problems, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Council reconvened in regular session.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to designate John C. Harris as Resident Inspector, on the waterline to the National Park Service and to pay him for his overtime at the rate of time and one-half accordingly.

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Bass asked whether we were making any progress on the abandoned building ordinance.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted that as the Council is the Committee on Abandoned Buildings they request Mr. Britton to notify Mrs. Jones that she needs to do something about her property on Lee-Grant Avenue in accordance with our ordinance, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned.

________________________ CLERK
B. H. Mullins

________________________ MAYOR
R. C. Spiggle
chunk_id: 20748
record_id: 1768
page_number: 1

