ref: reel_03_0799
date: 1982-05-10
content: Regular Meeting - May 10, 1982

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 10, 1982, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Members present were: S. E. Carter, T. W. Lawson, Ray Noble, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, and R. C. Hubbard.

Also present were: Mr. Ed Pettigrew, Ms. Pat Cooper, Bernard Procter, Evelyn Roach, Paul Nash, Frances Paulette, B. H. Mullins, Clerk, and W. R. Britton, Jr., Town Manager.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, the Agenda with the following additions: 9. O.B. Letter from T. E. Pittman for discussion; 6. N.B. On-street parking on Lee-Grant Avenue after 6:00 P.M. and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, the minutes of the last regular meeting were approved as submitted and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Evelyn Roach appeared before Council to express the residents appreciation for what has been done with regard to speeding in the Morris Heights Subdivision.

The letter from Mr. Pittman concerning speed bumps was presented to Council. The Highway Department can not install these speed bumps.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to request the Highway Department to put up "Slow Children Playing" signs in Morris Heights Subdivision, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Paul Nash, is requesting a conditional use permit for his building on Church Street so that it can become a multiple family dwelling.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to refer the request from Paul Nash for a conditional use permit to the Appomattox Planning Commission for their study and recommendations.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

Mrs. Pat Cooper and Mr. Ed Pettigrew, Horner, Barksdale & Co., presented a report on the Bond Anticipation notes, Interim financing on Construction projects, and what their company can do for the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to approve the Financial Statement for April 1982, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Lawson reported to Council that the No Parking signs for Morton Lane and Court Street were put in the wrong place.
chunk_id: 20836
record_id: 1856
page_number: 1

