ref: reel_03_0639
date: 1981-10-12
content: (Mr. Lawson came in at 8:15 P.M.)

Mr. Britton reported on the estimates he received to pave Morris Avenue and Cawthorne Street from D. S. Nash Construction Company, W. Frank Moore, and the Virginia Department of Highways. Council looked at the bid estimates and discussed these at length.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to have the Manager explore the possibility of obtaining the right-of-way to enable the Town to turn Morris Avenue over to the Virginia Department of Highways for maintenance and/or construction.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Conner-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to try to obtain right-of-way on Cawthorne Street to construct a cul-de-sac, but if the right-of-way is not obtained, authorized the work to be done to repair Cawthorne Street at a not to exceed figure of $1700.00.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Conner-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted that after the Court order has been issued, to advertise in the local paper for two weeks, and hold a Public Hearing on the Zoning of the property on Countryside Drive.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to amend and re-enact Section 5-2-1, of the Appomattox Town Zoning Ordinance to require a Conditional Use Permit for every permitted use in the M-1 Zone.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to grant a conditional use permit to Glen Doss to operate an Amusement Center in accordance with the conditions as set forth in the Town Code governing Pool Halls, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to deny the request to amend Section 10.4 of the Town Code due to the costs of advertising involved at this time, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

A request from Continental Telephone Company to change their Surety Bond from $100.00 to $10,000 coverage, was presented to Council.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to authorize the Mayor to sign and execute the agreement, if the Town Attorney finds no problem with the change, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to request the Virginia Department of Highways to put a stop sign on Price Lane, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20728
record_id: 1748
page_number: 1

