1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 10, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, April 10, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Reverend Carlton Duck, Charles Conrad, Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town
Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Reverend Duck led the Prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:  Mayor Conner reported the Council has held several productive budget
meetings. The council is doing serious work of the people.

Scheduled Public Appearances: none.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to approve the April 10,
2023 agenda as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to approve the purchase of
a sewer camera identified in the Sewer Capital Improvement Plan for FY2023 for $65,560.00;
$60,000 from the CIP, $5,560 from the operating sewer budget. Roll call vote: Allen-yes, Boyce-
yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette-yes, Simpson-yes, Spiggle-yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

Finance and Planning Committee: Mrs. Puckette reported excellent progress on the budget
process.

Physical Development Committee:  Mr. Garrett reported Mr. McGhee will give an update on the
renovations at the depot during his manager’s report.

Citizen Comment: none

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 10, 2023

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee reported on several items from his written Manager’s Report dated April 7, 2023:

  Continued to research the type of data needed to encourage a walk-in/medical care center

in Appomattox.

  Town is still waiting on USDA/RD approval of the Church Street waterline.
  Spoke to Council about writing a letter of support for the Vo Tech Center for the ACA’s
welding and other programs. The council came to consensus for Mr. McGhee to write
the letter of support.

  Staff held a kick-off meeting for the new Town website.
  The progress on the train depot has slowed due to matching soffit patterns. The Town is

researching ADA complaint ramps so that the depot can remain open during the
replacement of the TREX decking.

  Mr. Fowler is working with a few owners along Confederate Ave to “sweep” their

properties.

Council Comment: none

Closed Session:

On a motion by Council Member Spiggle, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 3 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real property for a
public purpose, where discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining
position or negotiating strategy of the public body, specifically such property being located on
1771 South Church Street.

ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes,
Spiggle – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 10, 2023

this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Puckette and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes,
Spiggle – yes.

Mayor Conner reminded the public/council members of the date change for the Workshop
meeting from April 25, 2023 to April 18, 2023 at the same time.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 pm.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

