1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 12, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, December 12, 2016
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Carlton Duck & Brian Moore, Alive Media Services; Daniel Puckette, Times
Virginian Newspaper; Jeff Elder, Facilities Manager; Sharon Layne, Town Treasurer; Linda
Lipscomb, and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the Regular Council meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey congratulated the Appomattox County High School football team for winning the
2016 State Championship.

Consent Agenda -
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the
consent agenda of December 12, 2016.  Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye,
Finch – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Old Business – none

New Business –
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to table the appointment of
members to the Planning Commission and Economic Development Authority to the January 9,
2017 Regular Council meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council named the Town Clerk as the
Hiring Agent for the Accounting/HR Specialist position in the absence of a Town Manager.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Standing Commission Reports - none

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns:
Ms. Spiggle wished everyone a very blessed Christmas.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 12, 2016

Mrs. Puckette thanked everyone who attended the Council Retreat on December 9, 2016.  She is
looking forward to implementing the ideas discussed.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or bargaining
is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would
be adversely affected, specifically being discussion of prospective consulting services to be
provided as more fully described in the request for proposal advertised on November 2, 2016 and
November 9, 2016.

Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Garrett and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn the regular
council meeting.  Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner –
yes, Puckette – yes.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

