1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 8, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Reverend Carlton Duck; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry
McGhee, Town Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Reverend Duck led the Prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:  Mayor Conner stated the Council has been going through the budget
process to make our Town better for employees and citizens.

Scheduled Public Appearances: none.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for May 8, 2023 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business: none

Council Standing Committee Reports:

American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA)-

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council considered the Scope of
Work for approving a Town Hall Feasibility Study for $23,500.

Mrs. Puckette withdrew her motion.

Council agreed to table the subject until the end of the meeting.

Finance and Planning Committee-none

Physical Development Committee-  none

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2023

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee reviewed with Council his email dated May 8, 2023.

  Mr. Vance will be attending a future council meeting for a closed session item related to

the water purchase contract update.

  He and Dr. Jeff Garrett toured the new welding and fabricating-emergency services
facility at the Carver Price School. Mr. McGhee and Dr. Jeff Garrett will be working
together to prepare the requested letters of support for the facility.

  Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) is replacing/repairing the sidewalks on

Church Street at Harrell Street. The town is supplying the bricks and mortar.

  The Church Street waterline is awaiting final review from the Atlanta and Lexington-

USDA/Rural Development offices.

  The recreational vehicle moved from the Iceland’s lot on Old Courthouse Rd location.
  The Original Italian Pizza (OIP) will be locating in the previous Hackett’s location at

Triangle Plaza.

  The train depot renovations continue with the back decking complete. The decking and

skirting installation has begun. The roofing material should arrive this week and
installation should begin in the next 15 days. The cost to repaint the train depot back to
the original historical colors is $21,696.95. Dominion 7 is contesting the price. More
information to follow.

  Mr. McGhee met with Dr. Brose from Central Virginia Family Physicians to discuss the
possibility of adding a “walk-in” feature at their current office. Dr. Brose will follow up
after discussing with the Board of Directors.

  Mr. McGhee met with Cheryl Microutsicous of Wow! Graphics to discuss maintaining
the historicappomattox.com for a fee of $119/mo. CIVICPLUS will be re-vamping the
Town’s townofappomattox.com website.

  The owners of the old garment factory are hesitant to proceed with Phase I of an

environmental study. The Central Virginia Planning District Commission (CVPDC) will
advise of the next steps.

  His self-assessment was given to Mr. Simpson. Mr. Simpson would like the committee

(Simpson, Spiggle, Boyce) to meet in the next two weeks.

Mr. Simpson questioned if the proposed GIS system could be funded with American Rescue
Plan Act (ARPA). Mrs. Ray will research the request and reply to Mr. Simpson.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Spiggle, Council voted to approve $23,500 from
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) funding for the Town Hall Feasibility Study. All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Comment:

Allen-none
Boyce-Thanked everyone for their thoughts and prayers.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 8, 2023

Spiggle-none
Garrett-none
Puckette-none
Simpson-Spoke with John Redding recently and the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce
is actively looking for a president. Spoke with Susan Adams and each body needs to arrive at a
ratio for public safety. We need to sit down and figure this out.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:15 pm.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

