1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 9, 2015

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 9, 2015
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Scott Smith, Region 2000 Planner, Nathan Harbin and Proctor Harvey, HDLA;
Barbara Shelton, Stephanie James, Times Virginian; Katrina Koerting, News and Advance;
Daniel Puckette, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Duck opened the meeting with a prayer and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing PH 02092015-01 – CDBG funding.

Scott Smith, Region 2000 Planner provided the purpose of the public hearing which is to solicit
public input on local community development and housing needs in relation to the Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding for a project in our community.  The project is to
assist low to moderate income families fix slum and blighted properties through housing
rehabilitation.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey reminded Council members to allow other to finish speaking before interrupting.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adopt the consent agenda for February 9, 2015 as presented with the addition of NB #9 –
Consideration to purchase a Town Radio System for a price not to exceed $34,000 from the
General Fund Equipment Reserve, specifically from Elecom, sole source provider of Motorola
equipment.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to amend the Travel Policy increasing the mileage reimbursement rate from $0.56 to
$0.575 retroactive to January 1, 2015.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 9, 2015

On a motion by Councilmember Puckette, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to adopt the FY 2016-2020 Capital Improvement Plan, funding FY 2016.  Vote – Garrett,
McDearmon, Spiggle, Mayberry, Puckette voting aye and Conner voting no.  Motion carried 5-1.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Puckette, Council
voted to adopt the Priorities and Initiatives for 2015-2016.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Puckette, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to accept the Master Plan as presented by HDLA.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Puckette, Council
voted to conduct Phase I of the Master Plan Feasibility Study for $31,000.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted to
adopt the Virginia Housing Development Authority Resolution for Dogwood Apartments VA,
LLC.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

VDHA Tracking Number:
Development Name:
Development Jurisdiction:  Town of Appomattox, Virginia
Name of Owner/Applicant:  Dogwood Apartments VA LLC

2015-C-13
Dogwood Apartments

RESOLUTION

The above-referenced development is located in a Revitalization Area in the Town of
Appomattox, Virginia.  The revitalization area is (i) blighted, deteriorated, deteriorating or, if
not rehabilitated likely to deteriorate by reason that the buildings, improvements or other
facilities in such area are subject to one or more of the following conditions – dilapidation,
obsolescence, overcrowding, inadequate ventilation, light or sanitation, excessive land coverage,
deleterious land use, or faulty or otherwise inadequate design, quality or condition, and (ii)
private enterprise and investment are not reasonably expected, without assistance, to produce
the construction or rehabilitation of decent, safe and sanitary housing and supporting facilities
that will meet the needs of low and moderate income persons and families in such area and will
induce other persons and families to live within such area and thereby create a desirable
economic mix of residents in such area.

After continued discussions of a Water Park Feasibility Study, Councilmember Conner,
seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted to advertise a Request for Proposal for
the water park feasibility study.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 9, 2015

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to advertise a Request for Proposal for the Basic Ordering Agreement for Engineering
Services.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted
to replace an old system with a new Town Radio System for a price not to exceed $34,000 from
the General Fund Equipment Reserve, specifically from Elecom, sole source provider of
Motorola equipment.
Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye,
and Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Treasurer’s Report – Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer provided the December 2014 Financial
Report.

Town Manager’s Report – none

Citizen Comment Period – none

Council Concerns – Mr. Conner said he thinks Council should focus on projects it can finish.

Closed Session –
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of discussion of the potential resignation of a specific public officer,
specifically being Officer A, and pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town of
Appomattox regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such
counsel, specifically being the interpretation of proposed contract terms for a contract with
Appointee A.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

The meeting was reopened to the public.

Closed Session Certification –
Councilmember Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 9, 2015

this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle, and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:
Vote: Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 9:07 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

