Regular Meeting – January 14, 2008

The Appomattox Town Council met on Monday, January 14, 2008 at 7:30 p.m. at the
Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Wilson,
presiding.

Members present:  Joyce B. Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John
T. “Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs, Steven E. Lawson.

Others present:  Dr. Mark Landry (Liberty Baptist Church), Carlton Duck (Alive Media), Derek
Norfield (Alive Media), Sarah Watson (News & Advance), Stephanie James (Times Virginian),
Frank Wright, David Garrett and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order and welcome the visitors.

Dr. Mark Landry, Liberty Baptist Church gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs,
Council voted to adopt the consent agenda of January 14, 2008 as presented.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted
to accept the 2008 Town Council Meeting Schedule as presented meeting on the 5th Tuesday of
January, April and July for the workshop meetings.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried. (see attachment)

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted
to accept the $25,000 Virginia Department of Health Planning Grant and assigned the planning
task to Anderson & Associates.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted
to table the appointment of Sara R. Henderson, Commissioner of the Revenue to the January 29,
2008 Council Workshop Meeting.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Report from the Town Manager –
David Garrett reported that a meeting of the Utility Committee needs to occur before the January
29, 2008 Workshop Meeting to discuss draft amendments to the consent order regarding Copper
and Zinc metal treatment at the Trickling Filter Plant.

Committee Reports –
Joyce Bennett, Chairman of the Fire & Safety Committee reported the committee met on
Monday, January 14, 2008 and discussed the Pandemic Flu preparedness plan and blighted
property in the Town.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to adjourn at 8:05 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

