Council Workshop – January 29, 2008

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 29, 2008 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Wilson, presiding.

Members present:  Joyce B. Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John
T. “Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs and Steven E. Lawson.

Others present:  Derek Norfield, Leslie Austin, Beckie Nix, Chad Millner, Sarah Watson,
Stephanie James, Frank Wright, David Garrett, Jr., and Roxanne W. Paulette.

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to table Item #1 – Appointment of the Commissioner of the Revenue until the February 11,
2008 Regular Council Meeting pending more information.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to amend the Town Policies and Guidelines for Travel by increasing the reimbursement
rate for use of a personal vehicle from .405/mile to .505/mile.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Committee Reports
Finance Committee –

1.  Norman Walton has begun reviewing the three (3) years of financial records and basic

information from staff.  Mr. Walton will take the material to his office for review and will
provide the town with a report.

2.  Ned Cleland, Blue Ridge Design will be providing the town with costs associated with

engineering design for the SBR remediation.

Fire & Safety Committee –
Ms. Bennett reported that the Clerk is obtaining a quote on a VPN (Virtual Private Network)
from our computer hardware maintenance company.  The Town Attorney has also drafted
several letters for the blight properties discussed at the last Fire & Safety committee meeting.
The committee will schedule another meeting.

Ordinance Committee –
Mr. Mayberry reported that he will be calling for an Ordinance Committee meeting soon.

Personnel Committee –
Mr. Williams reported that he has called for a meeting on Thursday, January 31, 2008 at 4:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building.

Street & Property Committee –
Mr. Lawson gave an update on the Town Office renovations.  Mr. Williams asked if there were
plans to renovate the Council Chambers.  Mr. Lawson advised him there are.

Utility Committee –
Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee met on January 28, 2008 and discussed Blue Ridge
Design and the out of town water request from Richard Hamilton.

Staff Report –
Director of Tourism – Mrs. Nix distributed material to the Mayor and Council Members
regarding her monthly (Dec. 2007) and yearly (2007) reports.

Treasurer – Mrs. Austin reported one the monthly financial information.  Three (3) certificates of
deposits were renewed at the bank during the month of December.

Clerk – Mrs. Paulette reported that an amendment to the budget was being prepared for the
$25,000 Virginia Tourism Council Leverage Grant and the $25,000 Virginia Department of
Health grant received by the Town during the FY 2008 budget cycle.

Town Manager – Mr. Garrett reported:

•  He had met with Norman Walton and Ned Cleland.
•  The First Aid & CPR training required by all full time and voluntary part time employees

will be conducted on February 13th and 20th  at the Appomattox Town Hall.

•  There were two (2) water main breaks in the Town during the month of January 2008.
•  Met with Stuart Henderson from VML Insurance Programs who was reviewing our safety
program.  Mr. Henderson congratulated the Town on their safety reports.  VML will be
assisting in continuing education of safety programs.

•  The VDH grant application for the groundwater planning grant has been signed and

returned.

•  Mapping of the town water and sewer system is underway.  There are 408 manholes in

the Town of Appomattox.

•  Surfaced Town Decals with Council.  Council would like more information regarding
abandoning the Town Decals and issuing a vehicle tax on the personal property tax
tickets.

•  Kelly Hitchcock and David are arranging a meeting with Dr. Boone, Superintendent

Appomattox County Public School regarding an appointment to the Pedestrian Safety
Committee.

•  Region 2000 Local Government Council is putting together a GIS map of all the

sidewalks in the Town and pedestrian crosswalks.  There is money available under the
safe route to school programs.

•  Wal-Mart – David Garrett met with the engineers and Robert E. Lee Soil Conservation
on January 22, 2008.  David reported he is in the process of setting up a meeting with
Wal-Mart officials to discuss recent concerns and issues.

Town Attorney – none

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session pursuant to 2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town of
Appomattox regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such
counsel, specifically being liability issues pertaining to ad hoc waivers of the moratorium or out
of town water connections.

Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs –
aye, Lawson – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certificates that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs –
aye, Lawson – aye.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Lawson, Council voted
to adjourn at 9:05 p.m. All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

