ref: reel_03_0221
date: 1977-05-09
content: Town Council Members 
Town of Appomattox 
Appomattox, Virginia 

Dear Town Council Members: 

The following request consideration to obtain the Appomattox Railroad 
Depot for development as a community center for summer recreation 
program for young people in the Appomattox area. The Depot could 
extend the 640 square feet necessary to accommodate a new set of each 
of the restroom facilities, small kitchen area, a cloak room and the small 
office area. These would help the facility to be attractive to 
community events at the Town. 

The purpose of the Depot Disco would be to give the young 
adults sometime use of the Town, a prominent and center of recreation 
to round off such as Sister task on Saturday, May 20th. Each 
Saturday thereafter the Saturday night dance would be from 8:00 
P.M. to 12 midnight. There would be a one dollar charge per person. 
This money should go used in the purchase of additional materials to 
operate, such as turntables, tape players, records, etc., and to help the 
town to supply of the building. 

Since there is a good concern for any young person in the 
community, it seems reasonably heavy up on the acceptable and thank 
doors, to increase to the standards known to reduce the access to 
children is intractable will it prevent negligence. 

In reference to disturbances on the premises, there will be 
dealer supervision. The dance would be discovered five have 
obstructs added. This means one 15 identified member will not be allowed 
to crowd adults. 

We feel that providing our young people with wholesome recreation 
will promote and incorporate the schools and young are cheating to 
extend every prosperous town leaders. All residents look upon Town Council 
who are willing to help ensure this facility this program outlined 
in connection with developing techniques and designing culturally 
methods to increase town corporation when needed up been slighted. 

We respectfully submit this before the Town Council on May 9, 
1977.
chunk_id: 20412
record_id: 1432
page_number: 1

