# REGULAR MEETING – September 13, 2004

Page 2

S13

-ssss= Page 2-of 3 sein ne, gam dees connec an a cece e cee pe ms, i ancien mae
- ~~ September 13, 2004. memicp eee ce eon ee -

On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to approve the Entertainment Permit Application and
waive the $25.00 fee for the Appomattox County Chamber. of Commerce Friday

. Cheers event at the County Field on Friday, September 17, 2004. All members.

present voting aye. Motion carried.

_ On a motion by Councilmember Lawson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,

Council voted to approve the Use of Abbitt Park for a Cookoff Benefit on
September 24, 2004 and waived the $25.00 fee for the Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-
3711 (A).7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of .
consultation with legal counsel employed or retained. by the council regarding
specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel,

, Specifically being legal issues relating to negotiations for the recovery of

damages due to the negligent design of the Wastewater Treatment Plant on

’ Ethel Street.
* Lawson — aye, Wilson — aye, McDearmon — ~ aye, Mitchell - aye, Mayberry — -aye,
Bennett ~ Absent. Motion carried. -

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Couneil hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge (1) only public business
matters lawfully exempted under the Freedom of Information Act, and.(2) only
such public business matters:as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting by this council.

Lawson ~ aye, Wilson — aye, McDearmon — aye, Mitchell - aye, Mayberry ~ aye,
Bennett ~ Absent. Motion carried.

Town Manager's Report ~ —
Well #9 has been taken off line for 30 days due to test runs.

VDH has completed the inspection of Well #39.

The Chlorine and Sulfur Dioxide machine needs to be replaced at the
Trickling Filter Plant on Church Street.

Town Attorney — None
Town Clerk — None

i
ee

i