1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 10, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, March 10, 2014
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Rev. Jeremy Boyce, Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Stephanie James, Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Jeremy Boyce, Bible Baptist Church led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
None

Mayor’s Comments –
None

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the Consent
Agenda of March 10, 2014 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

New Business –

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to appoint Mrs. Claudia G.
Puckette to the Appomattox Town Planning Commission, term expiring June 30, 2014.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to appoint Todd Milton,
Lonny Hamlett and S. L. Ferguson to the Town’s Property Maintenance Investigation Board for
the 2014 calendar year.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to write off the
uncollected debts listed as Real Estate - $69.30, Personal Property - $7925.66 and Miscellaneous
Accounts Receivable - $245.44.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 10, 2014

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the following
VML resolution:

Form of Ordinance
Approving Joint Powers Association Agreement

WHEREAS, Virginia political subdivisions are authorized by law to provide group life
insurance, accident and health insurance and other employee benefits programs for their officers
and employees; and

WHEREAS, Virginia Code §15.2-1300 provides that any power, privilege or authority

exercised, or capable of being exercised by a political subdivision in the Commonwealth of
Virginia may be exercised and enjoyed jointly with any other political subdivision of the
Commonwealth having a similar power, except where express statutory procedure is otherwise
provided for the joint enterprise; and

WHEREAS, said Code section authorizes two or more political subdivisions to enter
into agreements with one another for such joint action and to appropriate funds and sell, lease,
give or otherwise supply such property, personnel or services therefore as legally empowered to
furnish; and

WHEREAS, the Virginia Public Procurement Act (the “Procurement Act”) exempts

from its competitive sealed bidding and competitive negotiation requirements (the
“Requirements”) the joint procurement by public bodies, utilizing competitive principles, of
insurance purchased through member associations under the conditions set forth in the
Procurement Act; and

WHEREAS, members of Virginia Local Government Insurance Association (the

“Association”) are Virginia political subdivisions who have executed the Joint Powers
Association Agreement, a copy of which is attached to and made part of this Resolution (the
“Joint Powers Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, members of the Association may procure insurance through the

Association; and

WHEREAS, insurance products purchased through the Association are more cost

effective than those purchased through alternative means; and

WHEREAS, the procurement of insurance should be effectuated as provided in the Joint

Powers Association Agreement, in accordance with applicable provisions of the Procurement
Act, such as the utilization of competitive principles pursuant to an exemption from the
Requirements; and

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 10, 2014

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox that the

procurement of insurance pursuant to the Joint Powers Agreement is otherwise in the best
interests of the Town of Appomattox.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY ORDAINED that:
(1)

Competitive sealed bidding and competitive negotiation for the procurement of
insurance are not fiscally advantageous to the public because of the administrative
and economic advantages of procuring such insurance through the Association.
The procurement of insurance pursuant to the Joint Powers Agreement is hereby
approved.
The Joint Powers Agreement and the performance of the terms and conditions
thereof on behalf of the Town of Appomattox are hereby authorized and
approved.
The Clerk of Council for the Town of Appomattox is hereby authorized and
directed to execute and deliver the Joint Powers Agreement on behalf of the Town
of Appomattox in substantially the form presented to this meeting.
The payment obligations of the Town of Appomattox pursuant to the provisions
hereof and the Joint Powers Agreement shall be subject to annual appropriation of
requisite funds therefor by the Appomattox Town Council.
This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its adoption or passage.

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

Adopted:
Attest:
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Finance and Planning Committee, Council voted to accept the
proposal from Harvey Design Land Architect for the Beautification Master Plan.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Finance & Planning Committee, Council voted to authorize staff to
proceed with the necessary steps, including a legal process, to abate the burned house on
Sunnydale Avenue.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Town Manager Update –
None

Citizen Comment period –
None

Council Concerns –
Mrs. Puckette thanked Ms. Wilkes for a very nice presentation regarding the Town’s financial
condition.  The Town is in very good financial condition and she is very proud of our
accomplishment.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 10, 2014

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at
7:45 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

