Regular Meeting - February 10, 1997

The Appomattox Town Council held its regular meeting on Monday, February
10, 1997 with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: S. E. Lawson, Marvin Mitchell, Rick Pack, R. L. Bass,
S. E. Carter, and Norman Mayberry.

Others present: Thomas E. Conner, Dennis Gragg, Glenna Roberts, William Perrow,
Joyce Jamerson, Appomattox School Board, William Phillips, Town Attorney,
Cindy Smith, Times-Virginian, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to approve the
Consent Agenda with the following additions to New Business: Application for
Rezoning and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Thomas Conner, Glenna Roberts, and Dennis Gragg, appeared before Town Council
to discuss the United Way Program, and its “donor designation.” policy. They
asked that the Town endorse the United Way Program for our Community.

On a motion by Mr, Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to endorse the
United Way Program and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle presented a request from the Appomattox County School Board to grant a
Conditional Building permit at the Middle School. They have not provided an approved
Storm Water Detention Plan and therefore, they can not be issued the Building Permit,
but their Engineers are working on this plan and it will be submitted with VDOT

approval at a later date..

On a motion by Mr. R. L. Bass, seconded by Mr. S. E. Carter, Council voted to

grant the request from the School Board for a Conditional Building Permit pending
VDOT approval of design and review of the Storm Water Detention System at the Middle
School, and provided the School Board will hold harmless or obligate the Town of
Appomattox for any claims as a result of granting the conditional building permit.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Pack-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to refer
the request from the Appomattox Rescue Squad to the Finance Committee for
their study and recommendations for a donation to the 1997 operating fund,
and all those present vgffig aye. Motion carried.

