ref: reel_03_0830
date: 1977-01-01
content: Page 2 of 2

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council adopted
the following resolution on Health Insurance for the Council members
and Mayor:

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox offers Blue Cross-
Blue Shield Health Insurance to all Town
Employees, and

WHEREAS, the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox
desires to include their elected officials
in the Blue Cross-Blue Shield group plan;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of
Appomattox, offer the Blue Cross-Blue Shield
Health Insurance Plan to all elected officials
of the Town.

Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Lawson reported that he had a request from Mrs. Hazel Mann to
purchase the property she own's next to the Town Shop. Council
agreed that they were not interested in the property at this time.

Mr. Britton reported that the Virginia Municipal League has
submitted a bill for negotiations on the electric rates. Council
requested Mayor Spiggle to check into this.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to
establish the following priorities for the Block Grant Program:

1. Sewer Facilities
2. Water Facilities
3. Industrial Revitalization
4. Industrial Site Development

and recommend them to the Central Virginia Planning District
Commission.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council, the
meeting adjourned at 9:10 P.M.
chunk_id: 20849
record_id: 1869
page_number: 1

