ref: reel_03_0827
date: 1983-02-01
content: Mayor Spiggle reported on the Property Committee meeting and their recommendations. The Property Committee recommends that we add an additional 10,000.00 to the amount already budgeted $25,000.00 and upgrade the Town Ball Park. They recommend that we borrow this amount and further recommends that we seek funds from the County Board of Supervisors on this project.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to accept the recommendations of the Property Committee to expend the additional 10,000.00, add that to the 25,000.00 budgeted, borrow this amount and seek funds from the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to help on this project.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to give the Property Committee the authority to review the bids for the lighting system and sign the contract if the amount does not go over the amount budgeted.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to amend Section 15 and delete Section 18, of the Town Code concerning the tax rate on Real and Personal Property, and the ability for the Town to borrow funds. (Copy in Council file - February 1983)

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Council discussed the low-level nuclear site, but took no action at this time.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to advertize their intent to adopt the definition of "mobile Home" as an amendment to R-1 and R-2, of the Town Zoning Ordinance, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to allow CoCo Foods, Burger-King, to put in the Video Arcade Room as long as they are in compliance with Town Code, Section 10.5.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-nay
Motion carried by a 4 to 1 vote.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to allow Perry Wright to have a game room in his new Building behind Quik-E-Foods as long as it is in compliance with Section 10.5, of the Town Code.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-nay
Motion carried by a 4 to 1 vote.
chunk_id: 20848
record_id: 1868
page_number: 1

