ref: reel_02_0416
date: 1964-12-21
content: A MEETING OF THE FINANCE

A meeting of the Finance committee met in the Mayor’s office on Dec. 11, 1964, at 7:30 P.M. with Chairman Ivey Holland presiding. The other members present were: N.B. Pack; T.R. Gilbert.

The meeting was to set the Town Budget for 1965.

DECEMBER MEETING

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor’s office on December 21, 1964, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor S.R. Lawson presiding.

The following members were present: T.R. Gilbert; Burke Guill; Mrs. G.C. Robinson; Ivey Holland; Dick Wingfield; and N.B. Pack.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Motion made by Burke Guill and seconded by Ivey Holland. That the Town of Appomattox as instructed by the Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, the Water and Sewer Committee made a study as to minimum charges to be made for water outside of town limits. It was brought out that some customers pay $3.60 per month and others are billed for $2.25 per month. It is the recommendation of this committee that effective January 1, 1965, that all water customers residing outside of corporate limits of Appomattox be billed at uniform rate of $3.60 minimum.

It is further recommended that a letter accompany the December billing stating the policy of the Town of Appomattox regarding the minimum water charges. Motion Carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland and seconded by T.R. Gilbert. That the following ordinance be adopted. Be it resolved by the Town Council for the Town of Appomattox at its regular meeting held on, at the office of Town Manager on Church Street, that in accordance with Section 58-6311 for the 1950 Code of Virginia and the amendments thereto, that all new buildings substantially completed or fit for use, occupancy and enjoyment, and the Commissioner of the Revenue of Appomattox County shall enter in the books the fair market value of such building; provided, however, that no such partial assessment shall become effective until the formation as to the actual amount of such assessment is recorded in the office of the official authorized to collect taxes on real property and made available for public inspection. The tax on such new building for the year should be computed according to the ratio which the portion of the year such building is substantially completed or fit for use, occupancy and enjoyment bears to the entire year, and with respect to the assessment made under this section after September one of any year a five per cent penalty for non-payment by December five shall be extended to February five of the succeeding year. Motion Carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland and seconded by Mrs. G.H. Robinson. That the 1965 Budget be accepted as prepared by the Finance Committee. Motion Carried.
chunk_id: 19900
record_id: 920
page_number: 1

