ref: reel_02_0455
date: 1967-01-19
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on January 19, 1967 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Henry B. Pack presiding.

The following members were present: R.C. Hubbard, Ivey Holland, R.L. Wingfield, H.L. Bass, and Burke Guill.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Wingfield reported the General Electric would send someone here to discuss the two-way radios.

A discussion was held about the possibility of installing a gravity flow sewer for the Lee-Grant Apartments. The matter will be investigated further.

Holland made a report on the Town insurance and recommended that the Town take out a package deal on the fire and liability insurance and put all insurances with one company, and that the company split the premiums with other tax paying companies. After discussion, Holland moved and Hubbard seconded it, that the Finance Committee be authorized to pursue all of the Town insurances with one company and use the package deal provided that the Town will save money by doing it, and the J.A. Burke and Co. will be the Company to carry the insurance; and that J.A. Burke & Co. are to receive 70% of the premiums, with R.R. Redding and W.L. (Sam) Conner each receiving 15% of the premiums. Motion carried.

Holland reported that prices had been received on covering the Town employees with Blue Cross and Blue Shield insurance. After discussion Holland moved and Hubbard seconded that the Town offer the insurance to the employees on the basis of the Town paying one half of the premium, providing that 5 employees agree to take it. Motion carried.

Building permits were approved for A.E. Hopkinson and F.H. Jones.

A discussion was held whether it was desirable to eliminate the personal property tax on household goods and appliances. It was decided not to do this at this time.

The Council decided that it will be of advantage to the Town to get more parking space from the R.R. if it is available.

Bass moved and Guill seconded that the salary of E.W. Mayberry be $396.00 in order to compensate him for extra duties. Motion carried.

The Council approved of the Fire Department buying recreation equipment for the building, so long as good order is maintained.

The bills were read and approved.
chunk_id: 19939
record_id: 959
page_number: 1

