1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, December 13, 2021
at 7:15 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – Aaron Tilton, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present –Chad Hodges, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.; Robin Snyder, Superintendent, Appomattox
Court House National Historical Park; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of the public hearing is to hear public comments for proposed changes to the Water
and Sewer Policy User Charges (including Water and Sewer Rates), Connection and Availability
Fees Administrative Policy with an effective billing date of January 1, 2022.

c)

Proposed Out of Town Water Rates:

January 1, 2022

0 – 2000
gallons
$17.40

Charge per 1000
gallons over 2000
$9.60

July 1, 2022

$17.85

$9.90

These rate changes are to be enacted pursuant to Section 15.2-2109 et. seq., with specific
reference being made to Sections 15.2-2119 and 15.2-2122, of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as
amended.  Documentation, including the complete ordinance and other information concerning
the documentation for the proposed fee are available at the Appomattox Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If
you have any questions, please contact Kimberley W. Ray, Treasurer or Gary L. Shanaberger,
Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

Public Comments – none

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to refer this item to the
December 13, 2021 agenda for consideration.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

Mayor Conner closed the hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

Mayor Conner called the regular meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Ms. Spiggle led the prayer and Mayor Conner the Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United
States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner welcomed everyone to this festive season.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Robin Snyder, Superintendent of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park
appeared before Council to provide an annual update on activities at the National Park.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for Monday, December 13, 2021, as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the Town of
Appomattox Water and Sewer Policy to include User Charges, Connection and Availability Fee,
Administrative Policy by increasing the out-of-town water rates with an effective billing date of
January 1, 2022, and thereafter with a multiplier factor of 1.5.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to reappoint Marvin H.
Mitchell and Jacob Ranson to Town of Appomattox Planning Commission effective January 1,
2022 with a term expiring December 31, 2026.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to reappoint Dr. Jeff Garrett
to the Economic Development Authority of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia effective January
1, 2022 with a term expiring December 31, 2026.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the following
Resolution authorizing the Town Manager to execute documents to receive the $670,000.00 in
funding:

Town of Appomattox
Resolution

Approval of Award and Execution of a
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development
Community Development Block Grant

Whereas,  the  Town  of  Appomattox  (“Town”)  intends  to  accept  that  certain  Community
Development  Block  Grant  20-20-44  from  the  Virginia  Department  of  Housing  and  Community
Development (“DHCD”) to contribute to the execution of the Church Street Water Line Project (“Project”).

Whereas, Council in the Town has adopted and approved policies and documents under state and

federal policy, to carry out the Project; and

Whereas, Council did adopt and approve project certification documents at its September 13, 2021

meeting.

Be It Resolved by the Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, that the follow actions

are hereby authorized and directed:

-  The Town Manager, or his designee or designees, is authorized and directed to carry out
and execute, or cause to be carried out and executed, those tasks and documents required
to enter into a contract with DHCD, up to and including contract documents.

-  The Town hereby appropriates $670,000 in funding awarded to the Town of Appomattox
by the VDHCD for the Church Street Water Line Project to the FY 2022 General Fund
Budget.

Duly adopted by the Council of the Town of Appomattox at its regular meeting on this 13th day of
December 2021.

DATE:

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX

_________________________________

______________________________
Richard C. Conner, Mayor

ATTEST:

_________________________________
Roxanne Casto, Clerk of Council

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the 2022 Town
Council meeting schedule.
On a secondary motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to amend the
primary motion to amend the February 14, 2022 meeting to Monday, February 7, 2022 and
noting a discussion in the third (3rd) quarter discussion to plan a Fall 2022 Council Retreat.
All members present voting aye to the secondary motion.  Motion carried 6-0.
All members present voting aye to the primary motion.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizens Comment Period:
None

Town Manager Updates:
Mr. Shanaberger was unable to attend the meeting.  Mayor Conner presented the staff findings of
the Council’s request for totals of providing a 6% cost of living increase to all Town employees.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to add to the agenda –
Consideration of providing a 6% cost of living increase to all Town employees and adjustments
to alleviate compression.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to authorize the 6% cost of
living increases and adjustment to alleviate compression for a one-month period January 1, 2022
– January 31, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to authorize the
advertising of a Public Hearing for a budget amendment for the remainder of the FY 2022
(February 2022 – June 2022) for a 6% cost of living increases and adjustment to alleviate
compression.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mayor Conner also reported the findings of elected officials and planning commission members
annual compensation from neighboring localities.  No action was taken at this time but to use
this information for a FY 2023 budgeting tool.

Council Comments:
Puckette – Rev. Duck needs our prayers.
Tilton – none
Simpson – Every year or six months there appears an effort by citizens to discuss a Town and
County merger of government.  The pros vastly outweigh the cons of remaining separate entities.
An objective study may be a possibility.
Spiggle – Wished Mayor Conner a Happy Birthday.  She is glad Mr. Boyce is feeling better.
Garrett – none
Boyce – none

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

Mayor Conner advised that the County of Appomattox Board of Supervisors is requesting a joint
meeting.  Mr. Simpson requested a copy of the request from the County.  Mr. Simpson also
suggested the January Regular or Workshop meetings but propose specific agenda items for
discussion.

There were no other comments from Council.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Council Member Boyce, seconded by Council Member Puckette, Council voted
to convene in a Closed Session for the following purposes:  (1)  Discussion of the potential
appointment of a specific public employee of the Town, being Employee A, pursuant to Section
2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, and (2) Consultation with legal counsel, retained by the
Town regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel,
specifically involving legal issues relating to the hiring of a new Town Manager, pursuant to
Section 2.2-3711 (A) 8 of the Code of Virginia.

Vote: Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Puckette made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Tilton and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote: Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the contract
to appoint Roxanne Casto as Interim Town Manager. All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 13, 2021

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 9:30 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

