ref: reel_02_0517
date: 1968-08-19
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Council Room on August 19, 1968, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, R. L. Bass, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mrs. Robinson reported the following recommendations on vacation and sick leave for the Town employees:

A meeting of the Health and Ordinance Committee was held in the Council Room on August 5, 1968, with Chairman Mrs. Calvin Robinson presiding:

Present were: Burke Guill, R. C. Hubbard, Mayor H. B. Pack and M. L. Webb.

The following policy was approved for annual vacations and sick leave:

Annual vacations:
To be taken the year following the year in which it is earned.
To be taken at times suitable to the Town.
Not to be accumulated.

After one year of work, employee will get 5 1/4 days vacation during the first 5 years of work.
After five years of work, employee will be given one day per year extra for each year worked up to a maximum of 10 1/2 days after ten years of work.

Sick Leave
Earn 5 days per year of work
Can accumulate to a maximum of 30 days.
Any sick leave taken may require a doctor's statement that the employee was too sick to work.

Holland moved and Webb seconded that the Council approve the report. Motion carried.

Bass moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded: That a permit be given Mrs. Murrell Thomas to erect and advertising sign on Highway 460 opposite the Travelers Inn, provided it meets the Highway approval. The sign to be about 3 feet by 5 feet. Motion Carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Hubbard seconded that the following ordinance be enacted:
chunk_id: 19988
record_id: 1008
page_number: 1

