1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, March 13, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, and Timothy W. Garrett

Absent: Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Don Wilk, Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town
Manager; Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Councilman Boyce led the Prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:  Mayor Conner reported the Council started the FY2024 budget process
tonight.

Scheduled Public Appearances: none

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda with the removal of New Business 2-Consideration to award the Generator project to the
low bidder.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the FY2023-
2024 Local Health Insurance Rates. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

Finance and Planning Committee: none

Physical Development Committee:  none

Town Council provided consensus 5-0 to reallocate the CIP FY2023 General Fund project -
Slurry streets to the Atwood Street parking lot upgrade/construction (not an ARPA project) for
$41,500.

The Slurry streets project will be funded through ARPA funding for $41,500.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2023

Citizen Comment: none

Town Council also provided consensus 5-0 to fund the drug canine with ARPA funding for
FY2023.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided an update on the following projects:

  The renovations have begun on the train depot. The workers have not found a lot of

damage so far. He provided an update on the Town purchasing material for this project.

  The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors request to discuss the transfer of the
waterline is still on hold until the litigation is finalized for Appomattox County.

  There was an email hacked in December 2022 and there are some recommendations that

have already been implemented.

  The Public Works department has experienced 3 resignations in the last month. Mr.
McGhee met with Mr. Elder and Mrs. Rothgeb to discuss suggestions to retain
employees longer.

Council Comment: none

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 7:30 pm.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

