ref: reel_03_0472
date: 1979-06-21
content: A Special Council meeting was held on Thursday, June 21, 1979 at 5:00 with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present were: S. E. Carter, R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, and M. E. Gordon; Those absent: T. E. Conner and R. L. Bass.

Also present were Bernard Procter, May-Hines & Associates, Mrs. Mullins, Clerk, and W. R. Britton, Jr., Town Manager.

Mayor Spiggle called the meeting to order at 5:15 P.M.

Mr. Britton reported he had been in contact with Mr. Procter and together they had come up with more feasible figures on the Sewerage Treatment Plant costs.

Mr. Procter went through his figures with Council and explained them.

1,924,000.00 - Total Project Costs
-1,443,000.00 - Eligible Costs
481,000.00 - Local Share

The Town's share of matching funds plus the ineligible costs would be:

481,000.00
+197,000.00
678,000.00 - Our costs

Mr. Procter explained to Council that all the figures were not complete. Also we are in the process of having the Standard of Treatment changed from 24-24 to 24-60.

Council felt that the figure of 678,000.00 was a low figure and that they should go with a figure of 800,000.00 as the total costs to the Town. They also requested Mr. Procter to get all the figures together and come up with the total costs for the Council by the next regular meeting.

After some discussion by Council, Mr. Carter made the motion, seconded by Mr. Lawson, to expend the estimated $7,000.00 to retain the Bond Counsel, and set up the Referendum so the citizens can vote.

Carter-aye  Gordon-aye  Lawson-aye  Hubbard-aye

Motion carried unanimously,

There being no further business that can come before the Council, the meeting adjourned at 6:10 P.M.
chunk_id: 20622
record_id: 1642
page_number: 1

