1  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, March 28, 2017 at 5:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G.
Puckette.

Absent: M. Erin Finch, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others present:  Thomas Utz; Susan Adams; Jeff Elder, Facilities Manager; Clarence Monday,
Interim Town Manager; Roxanne Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to award financial services
for the interim financing of construction costs associated with the inflow and infiltration
rehabilitation project to the Bank of the James and to approve the interest rate of 2.27%. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Monday provided an update on the Community Development Block Grant for the
Downtown Appomattox Revitalization Grant, specifically the Courtland Field project.
The program budget is $677,700 for Administration, Façade program, Streetscape, Courtland
Field, Harrell St & Marketing.  With the authorization you have already provided, Ms. Hitchcock
is working hard to have the grant application submitted by tomorrow, March 29, 2017.

Mayor Harvey-there was never an official vote on this but I was at a meeting where the Town’s
intent was questioned by one of the board members and I took it upon myself to think the Town
has already intended to divide the grant money, if awarded between the Town & County for the
use of the Courtland Field project. I am asking for an official vote so there won’t be any question
out in the public about our (the Town’s) intent with regards to the $140,000 associated with the
grant.

I apologize if I overstepped my bounds regarding the letter sent to the board but I felt like I was
in some way protecting the Council’s integrity.

Ms. Spiggle-I have this letter here but we should have voted on it before sending the letter. I do
think you (Mayor Harvey) jumped the gun but your apology is accepted.

Mayor Harvey-I’m going to defend myself just a little bit here. No one objected except Mr.
Conner who said we should still donate the $140,000 and give the $150,000 for the Town.

Ms. Puckette-I have another issue but I am not opposed to sharing funds but my concern is we
are talking here about taking care of all the maintenance. We don’t have a clue how much all of
that is going to cost and we are talking about giving all this up which is neither here nor there but
we have no control over that park, we have no ownership. I have concerns over that. Anything

2  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

could happen. We are getting along and that is great but we need to do the things that will ensure
that there are no issues coming down the pike.

Mr. Elder wanted to address concerns. No one has agreed on behalf of the Town to do anything
at the park. Nothing has been decided on the maintenance and who will pay for it or anything
else.

After our last meeting, Ms. Spiggle said she thought she understood that Mr. Monday, Mr.
Harvey, and Mr. Elder were going to meet with Ms. Adams to discuss the maintenance.

Mr. Monday said everyone (above) met last week but it is so early in the process it is hard to be
so definite in the process this early on.

I think under item B I totally agree that a definite plan needs to be carved out. I have found Ms.
Adams to be very open to ways to share those responsibilities so it won’t be a burden or
increasingly demanding on the Town or the County-that it can be distributed in a fair and
equitable way. We do need to have those conversations & determine a final plan of work.

Mr. Conner-they have some staff that does certain functions & we have some staff that does
things that county staff doesn’t do & vice versa and maybe we can match that up.

Mr. Monday-good suggestion

Ms. Adams-Like Jeff Elder, Mr. Monday, and the Mayor said-we’ve sat around the table and
looked at what our resources are and how we can share those resources at a minimal cost that
would be to the Town or the County either one. As a committee, we are working well together
but we aren’t going to make any decisions that wouldn’t come back to the Town or County. The
land issue I think the biggest concern is going into the vote of the using the park property which
is the County property for the grant if that money were not shared, I’m not sure that the board
would have voted for it to be a part of the grant so we have to take it back for another vote if it
were not participating in the grant and sharing the money.

Mr. Conner and Mrs. Spiggle-I think if we are going to work together-then we need to do that.

An announcement of the grant will most likely come the first week of July, as to whether the
grant has been funded or not.

Ms. Spiggle-do you know when Phillip Jamerson intends to break ground-Ms. Adams, Mayor
Harvey, etc. At the last meeting, he said April 1st-he wants to start as soon as possible-the part
not covered by the grant.

Mr. Garrett-at what point do we approve Mr. Jamerson as the project manager?
Ms. Puckette-there needs to be some guidelines. No one has voted on that yet.
Mayor Harvey-that was a conceptual plan. The next step is to do an actual design. That is what
we come back and vote on.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

Ms. Puckette-I’m talking about the money-we haven’t voted on anything like that. We voted on
the $150,000 if everything falls into place-but the other things haven’t fallen into place yet and
everyone’s going it’s a done deal and we have some concerns we need to work out.

Ms. Adams-That’s the purpose of appointing a person from the Town and County to this
committee to bring that back to group.

Ms. Puckette-we are in the dark

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Spiggle council voted to split the $140,000 grant
funding, with Appomattox County, if awarded, for the Downtown Revitalization Grant,
specifically for the Courtland Field project.
Roll call vote: Puckette-yes, Conner-yes, Spiggle-yes, Garrett-yes. Motion carried 4-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Conner Council voted to appoint Mr. Timothy
Garrett to the Courtland Field Project Committee. All members present voting aye. Motion
carried.

There was a discussion of the Town resuming its Zoning functions. Mr. Conner stated he didn’t
see a problem leaving it with Appomattox County. Mr. Roark is available 5 days a week and Mr.
Gillespie is only in Appomattox 1 day a week. If you have to get your building permit and health
permit at the County office why not the Town zoning permit? I think this adds a burden to the
taxpayer.

Mrs. Puckette asked why this item has come up?

Mr. Monday asked for the item to be placed on the agenda. It is typical for most localities to take
care of their own zoning functions.

I think it is very gracious and admirable of what the County did to help the Town. Back before I
came here, you were without a Town Manager and Mr. Gillespie in trying to help with Zoning
and I & I matters, it was difficult to do both. As we search for a Town Manager-I would hope a
new Town Manager would assume over your zoning functions. Mr. Gillespie is most familiar
with Town Zoning Code. It sounds more professional to refer citizens to your own staff, rather
than sending them to the County office.

In a normal situation, yes, but let’s wait to see if the Town Manager has zoning experience. Have
Johnnie Roark review the code, Town staff member to sign off.

In the essence of time and hearing no discussion moving towards changing this arrangement,
Mayor Harvey closed the floor for discussion.

Mayor Harvey asked Ms. Adams if Appomattox County has approved funding for the Arts
Challenge Grant. Her response was no.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

Mayor Harvey stated that this item was tabled earlier this month contingent upon the County
funding the same.

The application is due for submission by April 1-payment of local matching funds would not be
until next year.

Mr. Garrett-Where is the grant going to if you get it?

Mayor Harvey-Available to any non-profit who applies? -Not sure of this to be a fact.

Ken Arpino-The application must come from a local entity with a match of local funds. It must
be used for an arts project. We are proposing Shakespeare in the Park as the project.

Mr. Conner-From what my wife tells me and she has been doing this for 20 years-you have to
know the project before submitting the application.

Ms. Puckette-how many can you get in one year?
Mr. Arpino-just this one.

Mr. Conner-501 (c) 3 doesn’t mean much to me.
Mr. Conner-didn’t we give you all $1500 a while back?

Mr. Arpino-That was for tourism.

Mr. Conner-I have a real problem donating to things that aren’t in Town. It shouldn’t be a burden
to live in Town. You shouldn’t have to pay twice for everything.

Ms. Spiggle-since the Board agreed last year to contribute-would they fully fund their portion
again?

Mr. Garrett-I would like to be a part of the process from the beginning-not when it gets to this
point in the application part. I am not supporting it.

Ms. Adams-Last year we identified 2 groups who could benefit from this grant-The Courthouse
Theatre and Wolfbane production. I think Timmy you were going to check with the school
drama/theatre group to see if they were interested. If we had a budget on a specific event, the
County could apply on their behalf.

Mr. Conner-I feel like we get this stuff at the last minute to donate taxpayers money and if we
want to donate it-we should do it out of our own pocket.

Ms. Spiggle-If you were going to do Shakespeare in the Park, would you have done it in
Courtland Field if it were not being considered for improvement?

Mr. Arpino-No, we would probably have gone back to the National Park.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

The location of downtown is more appealing because of the downtown restaurants, etc. than at
the National Park, we have to find these services for people. It’s just easier in Town.

Ms. Puckette-I see both sides of it. I can’t help but be a little concerned that it’s not all in Town.

Mayor Harvey-As usual I’m going to throw in an opposing position on this. The events that are
held in Town are going to bring people to Town and they are going to spend money in Town-
meals, cigarettes, etc. I don’t think we are going to lose money by supporting this with $2500. If
they get 300-500 people at one of these things-we will not lose money. You say we are spending
Town money but we are going to get money back by having these events in Town.

I think all of you might be overlooking the fact that there is a benefit to the Town indirectly
because the event is held in Town. As usual I’m on the opposing side to not spending money but
we will not lose any money, may not make any but won’t lose it either.

Ms. Spiggle-I thought the event wouldn’t be in Town until after the park was up and running.
Am I mistaken?

Mayor Harvey-I said at some point we will indirectly get the money back.

Ms. Spiggle-Isn’t this a yearly grant?

Mr. Arpino-You can apply every year so you wouldn’t make a contribution until next year and
the play isn’t until next year so it would all happen at one time.

Ms. Puckette-I just don’t know how the public will react if we just hand out $2500 for this, for
one event, for rather than a blanket or a lot of people. I can just imagine people coming up to me
asking why did I do that.

So, what’s my answer then?

Mr. Conner-I think it’s a never-ending thing. If we give $1500, $2500, $5000, here or there then
you have the cub scouts or the football team. That did great for this community but do you give
them $2500 a game? The 4-H, FFA, etc. I think you need to personally give, not give the
taxpayers money. I voted against every one of these, so I’m solid with these.

Mayor Harvey put the request up for a motion for consideration of pledging $2500 towards the
Arts Challenge Grant contingent upon the County’s participation also. Is there a motion &
second? Hearing none, the item will lay where it is. (Died for a lack of a motion.)

6  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

Discussion of FY2018 Budget

Mr. Monday outlined the notebook presented to Council. The first item is the budget timeline
General Fund Revenue, preliminary estimates along with Water and Sewer Revenue estimates
and all expenditures and a preliminary snapshot on all revenues and expenditures.

At the June 12, 2017 Council Meeting, Council will adopt the budget so we are good on time.
The public hearing will be May 8, 2017 or May 23, 2017. The date will be determined by the
next two (2) meetings. No action required this evening.

Revenues and Expenditures are all posted to the financial program through February 28, 2017.
Also listed is this fiscal year 2016-2017 Budget amounts and year to date revenues and
expenditures. The general fund for Fiscal year 2018 reflects a couple of journal entries needed to
reallocate revenue to the proper line item. The sewer fund revenue reflects a $2,000,000-line
item for the interim financing. It is a “wash” with the sewer fund line item expenditure for the
USDA project. This is the construction funding for the Inflow & Infiltration project. The budget
is the same format as you have been used to seeing in the past. There has been a slight increase
in health insurance and workers compensation and general liability. A journal entry is necessary
for FY2017 to reallocate expenditures to the proper line item. FY2018 has been projected in the
correct line items. There are notes at the bottom of certain pages. Those notes are Capital
Improvement Project memos so you will be able to easily identify projects. In the next few
weeks staff will be determining carry forward amounts of FY2017 into FY2018 as projects will
likely not be completed in FY2017. Staff will also determine how the FY2017 Internal Service
fund was developed and fill in those amounts for FY2018. Lastly, salaries will need to be
considered.

Mr. Garrett inquired about the garbage contract. Mr. Elder was instructed by Mr. Monday to
inquire about an extension with our current provider.

Mrs. Casto advised Council that every known commitment by Council has been taken into
consideration during this budget process.

Mr. Conner asked, “doesn’t Council still get to vote on each item after its put in the budget”.
“Just because it’s in the budget doesn’t mean we have to spend it.” Mr. Monday replied that was
up to Council.

Once Council adopts the budget it means it’s appropriated and staff can spend it unless there is a
separate motion that tells us not to. The budget gives us a road map to do our jobs.

In closing, looking at the last sheet you cannot go by the bottom line until the process is closer to
being finished.

Mr. Elder provided a handout regarding Town Hall renovations. Flat roof, electrical issues,
basement is leaking, 3 electrical panels, roof drains run into the ceiling, manager’s office is

7  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
March 28, 2017

leaking around the windows, mold in the basement, ramp is cracking in spots, street lights,
payment box.

Mr. Conner-Can we build a new building cheaper?

Mr. Elder-This building is worth the money. He would like direction from Council. He would
like to hire a structural engineer to tell the Town how to proceed with a cost estimate.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to allow Mr. Elder to get
a cost estimate on how to proceed with renovations to the Town Office building, up to $15,000.
Garrett –yes, Spiggle-yes, Conner-yes, Puckette-yes. Motion carried 4-0.

Committee reports-none

Staff Reports-
Mr. Elder advised Council that staff is draining the 100,000-gallon tank for maintenance.

Mr. Monday-Thursday, April 20, 2017 at 5:30 pm the Commonwealth Transportation Board will
meet at the Lynchburg VDOT office on Campbell Ave. Someone will need to speak on the
Town’s behalf for the Smart scale project. This is on the line of being funded. Mr. Conner agreed
to attend and speak.

Mr. Conner-I am going to support whatever Council says, whether I am for it or not when I
speak on behalf of you.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 6:05 pm. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

