1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, March 13, 2017 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Sam Carter, Susan Adams, Chad Millner, Kelly Hitchcock, Ashlie Walter,
Daniel Puckette, Linda Lipscomb, Marvin Mitchell, Carlton Duck, Brian Moore, Clarence
Monday, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Mayor Harvey called the Regular Council meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Hearing –

Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing.

Mayor Harvey stated the Purpose of the Public Hearing.

The Town of Appomattox will hold a Public Hearing on Monday, March 13, 2017 at 7:30 pm at
the Appomattox Town Office, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia to solicit public input on
the proposed Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) proposal to be submitted to the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development for the Appomattox Downtown
Revitalization Project. The project will provide for building façade, street and public space
improvements along Main and portions of Court and Church Streets. Residents of the project
area are encouraged to attend.

The draft CDBG proposal will be presented for comment along with information on projected
beneficiaries, including the number of low-and-moderate income residents to benefit from the
proposed project.  Citizens will be given the opportunity to comment on past use of the CDBG
funds. A fact sheet on the draft proposal will be available at the Region 2000 Local Government
Council, 828 Main Street, Lynchburg, Virginia beginning March 14, 2017, contact Kelly
Hitchcock, at 434-845-3491 or at khitchcock@region2000.org.

Complaints and grievances pertaining to the CDBG proposal can be submitted in writing to the
Town of Appomattox, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia 24522 or by phone at 434-352-
8268 until March 28, 2017

Staff Concerns-
Ms. Hitchcock explained the components of the $700,000 grant applications and the project
boundaries. She attended a technical assistance workshop on February 16, 2017.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

Mr. Monday thanked Ms. Hitchcock for explaining the grant application and further explained
why the application needs to be submitted correctly. The process will be highly competitive
including façade improvements, streetscape and Courtland Field. There will be flexibility built
into the 3 (three) motions for Council’s consideration.

Public Comments-
Mr. Sam Carter requested clarification of Council’s consideration item #2. Mr. Monday
explained that the 3 motions for consideration by the Town Council will enable the Town to
submit the application on its own, with support from Appomattox County and at a cost not to
exceed $150,000 for the Town.

Mrs. Puckette inquired about the maintenance of the Park. Mayor Harvey advised that he, Mr.
Monday, Mr. Elder, and Ms. Adams will be meeting to discuss this item soon.

Mrs. Puckette said since the Town has no ownership in the property-what protection will the
Town have if the County receives an offer on the property?

Mr. Conner said Courtland Field will always be a park from now on.

Mr. Wright assured Council that legal staff could review this item and put some measures in
place to satisfy this item. In good faith, some agreement could be reached.

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Public Appearances
None

Mayor’s Comments
Thanked Kelly Hitchcock for her efforts on the Department of Housing Community Block Grant
application.

He also read a letter from Dana Mayberry, General Manager of the Appomattox Inn & Suites
into the record.

March 13, 2017

Dear Town Council Members,

I am Dana Mayberry , I reside at 156 Gladwood Drive, Appomattox Va. I attended the joint
board meeting on Thursday evening, March 9, 2016 that Phillip Jamerson introduced his plans
for Courtland Field. I did not think that I would be able to attend and was not on the schedule to
speak and even though the floor was opened to additional speakers, I did not take an opportunity
to do so as I did not feel prepared. Having much regret, I have been doing a lot of thinking in
regard to what I heard that evening and wanted to send a letter in hopes that it would be read
and taken into consideration during the decision process.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

First of all, I am the General Manager for the Appomattox Inn and Suites. I know everyone in
that room would have agreed that the hotel has been an asset to this community and has been
bringing in a large amount of tax revenue for all. I have been overwhelmed at the business that
has been coming in to this community and I know that the restaurants, shops and businesses as
well as the attractions have been seeing an increase in business. On that note, it is Phillip
Jamerson’s forethought and willingness to invest in this community which made this happen. I
did not know a lot about his plans for Courtland Field but must say I was overwhelmed at his
presentation and the possibility of this project. What a wonderful and beautiful project for our
community.

I wanted to pass on my full support for this project. I would hope that you would not let this
opportunity get passed up. This would be another opportunity to draw people into our
community to bring in revenue. It would also be something that the people of our community
would be so proud of and somewhere that they could enjoy spending time and attending events.

I especially wanted to comment on the Railroad Festival and the concern of how this would
affect the setup of the festival. I totally support the Railroad Festival first of all, it is a part of the
Appomattox community. I have some of my best memories of my children and family spending
time enjoying that festival. It is important to the Appomattox people, it is a time of year where
people who have left and moved away, return home again to visit family, attend reunions etc. It
must continue as it is a Appomattox tradition and a time that we all share together. An
opportunity for the community to come together as a whole and celebrate our home town and its
history. However, being one weekend a year, it should not hinder an entire year of what this
project would provide for the community. What enjoyment the people of this community would
get out of such a wonderful place.

I sincerely believe this is the perfect opportunity to make the Railroad Festival even better, give
it some changes and new ideas as it has sort of gotten to be the same ole thing every year. I
believe that there were enough smart/creative people in that room the other night that if we all
put our heads together can come up with the alternative areas to hose all the necessary and fun
events that the Railroad Festival provides the attendees. For ex: we have the new Courthouse
parking lot and Methodist Church directly across the street from Courtland field, we have the
streets, and we have the middle school football field. Just a few alternatives. There is no doubt
that things can be worked out to make the festival continue and be even better!

The people of our community need a place like this! A place that we can bring family, tourist
(which is one reason we want to put the LOVE sign there) a place to enjoy events, family
celebrations, etc. I also feel like we will draw more interest in hosting events that would draw
outside the community, therefore bringing in additional revenue to the downtown area and
throughout Appomattox.

Another thing that I really started thinking about after hearing people talk about traveling and
seeing places like this was that a lot of us in that room the other night get the opportunity to go
places and see beautiful parks just like this one, but there are a lot of people in this community

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

that do not or cannot go anywhere. That never get to enjoy places like this. They stay right in
Appomattox each and every day of the year. We need to consider that when thinking about where
our money is used. It needs to go back into projects like this. Projects that provide things for the
people that are less fortunate in this community. It really upset me when I heard the comment
made in regard to people sitting on their porches and not paying fees to attend events in that
field, well so what?? It just happens to be convenient for them….and they are the ones that have
to be disturbed by it sometimes, so why not let them enjoy it!!!

I am also a committee member of the new Appomattox Tourism Advisory Committee, For those
of you not aware of our new committee, we are currently a group of local business partners that
have come together to promote tourism. We are working so hard to come up with lots of ideas
and ways to build up tourism and revenue for this community. This would just be one more
attraction for us to promote.

I am also a Chamber of Commerce Board Member, I am very proud to be a board member along
with several other new board members bringing in fresh new ideas and support to make our
chamber work for everyone in the community. This park would be an asset to many of ideas we
are coming up with for the people who live, work and visit Appomattox.

There is no doubt in my mind that we will be rewarded in the long run from this project. The
town and county will see that providing another attraction in this community will definitely pay
off in the long run.

Please do not let this opportunity pass by. Please consider what an overall benefit this would be
for Appomattox. We voted for people like you to sit in these positions to look out for the best
interest of our community. Don’t let us down!

Thank you!

Dana Mayberry

Consent Agenda-
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda with the addition of NB#4-Consideration to participate in the Local Government
Challenge Grant with the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, with a local match not to
exceed $2500 in the FY2018 Budget for the Town of Appomattox, contingent upon the County’s
participation in the grant. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business
None

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to approve the
Department of Housing Community Block Grant application for submission of the Appomattox
Downtown Revitalization project.
VOTE: Garrett-yes, McDearmon-yes, Spiggle-yes, Finch-yes, Conner-yes, Puckette-yes. Motion
carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to approve the following
resolution and authorize submission of the application with the specific project contingent upon
the County’s consideration of the Courtland Field portion.

RESOLUTION TO ENDORSE THE SUBMITTAL OF A COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT
BLOCK GRANT APPLICATION FOR THE APPOMATTOX DOWNTOWN REVITALIZATION
PROJECT.

WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia, Department of Housing and Community
Development has announced available funding for Virginia Community Development Block
Grant program; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has adopted the Town of Appomattox Economic
Restructuring Plan to provide a roadmap of activities to implement the revitalization of the
Town’s Central Business District; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox through prioritizing long-term needs to sustain and
strengthen the economic vitality of the community, has identified elimination of blight through
façade improvements and beautification and safety enhancements of the streetscapes and public
spaces within the Downtown District, as defined in the Economic Restructuring Plan, as a
priority need in the community; and

WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 104(b)(c) of the Housing and Community Development
Action of 1974, a CDBG National Objective of aid in the prevention or elimination of slums and
blight will be meet through the project building façade, streetscape and public space
rehabilitation; and

WHEREAS, the Appomattox Town Council will appoint a committee to govern the program
development and execution of the downtown revitalization project and will develop façade
improvement guidelines and maintenance standards; and

WHERERAS,citizen participation requirements have been met by holding public meetings on
June 21, 2016 and March 13, 2017, advertising both as appropriate and with notices posted and
distributed to citizens.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Council of the Town of Appomattox wishes to
apply to the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development for a Virginia

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

Community Development Block Grant (VCDBG) not to exceed $700,000 to be utilized to conduct
a downtown revitalization project in the Town of Appomattox.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Clarence Monday, Town Manager, is hereby authorized to
sign and submit appropriate documents for the submittal of this Virginia Community
Development Block Grant proposal.

Adopted this ____day of _____, 2017

ATTEST:

_______________________

VOTE: Garrett-yes, McDearmon-yes, Spiggle-yes, Finch-yes, Conner-yes, Puckette-yes. Motion
carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to authorize participation
in a Town project, specifically the Courtland Field project with the Town’s portion not to exceed
$150,000.
Roll call vote: Garrett-yes, McDearmon-yes, Spiggle-yes, Finch-yes, Conner-yes, Puckette-yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to table a vote to
participate in the Local Government Challenge Grant with the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, with a local match not to exceed $2,500 in the FY2018 Budget for the Town of
Appomattox, contingent upon the County’s participation in the grant-until the March 28, 2017
council Workshop meeting. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council Standing Committee reports-none

Citizen Comment Period-none

Town Managers Report-

The proposals for the Interim financing of the Inflow and Infiltration project will be ready for
Council consideration on March 28, 2017. The proposals were due today and the Town received
4 proposals. A thorough review of the proposals will be conducted before a recommendation is
made to Council on March 28, 2017.

Council Concerns:

Council inquired about the timeline for the vacant positions of Town Manager and Town
Treasurer. Mr. Monday advised that applications are beginning to arrive. The first review for
Town Manager will be April 10, 2017.

Mr. Conner stated he agrees with Dana Mayberry’s letter to the Town.

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

Mr. McDearmon commented that Council will need more time for the March 28, 2017 Council
Workshop meeting.

Council agreed by consensus to meet at 5:00 pm on March 28, 2017.

Mrs. Puckette stated how happy the meeting on March 9, 2017 made her feel. The Town and
County are sharing common goals for Courtland Field.

Mayor Harvey reminded Council members of the Virginia Municipal League Regional Supper
on April 6, 2017 at the Appomattox Inn & Suites.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session, Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and/or briefings by staff members
pertaining to actual litigation, where such consultation or briefing in open meeting would
adversely affect the negotiating or litigating posture of the public body, specifically relating to
the lawsuit currently pending in the Appomattox County Circuit Court filed by the Virginia
Economic Development Partnership Authority, and to which the Town of Appomattox is
presently a party.

Vote – Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Finch – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Councilmember Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Councilmember Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
March 13, 2017-7:30 pm

Vote – Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Finch – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette –
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council authorized the Town Attorney to
execute the assignment presented to the Town Council, after such assignment is amended to
require the VEDPA to indemnify the Town of Appomattox from any claims arising from the
Lindenburg project.  All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adjourn at 8:45 pm.  All
members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

