ref: reel_03_0766
date: 1981-06-08
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 8, 1981, at 7:40 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, T. E. Conner, W. H. Carson, Ray Noble, and T. W. Lawson. Absent - R. L. Bass.

Also present were: Stan Deimler, Buck Shell, Jack Garland, Judy Volturo, Bill Sherrod, Times-Virginian, W. R. Britton, Jr., Town Manager, and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, the Agenda was approved with one addition to New Business - 6. Speeding signs-Sunnydale Avenue, and all members present voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, the Council minutes dated May 13, 1981, were approved with one correction to Page 1, to read 12 Noon until midnight, instead of 12:00 A.M. to 12:00 P.M., and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to adopt the revised and codification of the "Code of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, 1980", as prepared by The Michie Company with the amendment as so noted. (See copy in Council file dated June, 1981)

Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Carson-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Stan Deimler, appeared before Council to request a couple more weeks to install the Satelite. Council could take no action at this time because the 30 day period will not be up until June 29, 1981.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council tabled the request for an Amusement Center, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported to Council that the 1.2 million dollar grant from E.P.A. is probably out according to a V.M.L. newsletter. We can possibly borrow the money from F.H.A. to up-date the existing system.

Mr. Britton reported that we have the loan from F.H.A. at 5% until September, 1981. After that date the interest will go to 12%. Council discussed the possible alternatives.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council referred to the Sewer Committee for their study and recommendations on the F.H.A. loan to the Town, and all members voted aye.

Mr. Britton reported that the Town owes May-Hines & Associates $2500.00+ for work already done. They have requested that we pay them the bill owed now, and give us the $4500.00 credit (which they owe us on the Water Tank project) and on other projects to be done by them.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to have Mr. Britton write a letter to May-Hines & Associates stating that due to the inability of the Town to obtain the Federal funds, we now forese no future projects, so we ask that they take their bill out of the figure they owe us and pay us the balance.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20823
record_id: 1843
page_number: 1

