1  Special Call – March 19, 2008

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call of Council on Wednesday, March 19,
2008 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Wilson, presiding.

Members present:  Joyce B. Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John
T. “Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs and Steven E. Lawson.

Others present:  David Hawkins (Town Attorney), Stephanie James (Times Virginian), Sarah
Watson (News & Advance), Mary Lou Spiggle, Paul Harvey, Chad Millner, Bif Johnson
(Hurt & Proffitt), Mike Damron (CCUSA), Bill Moore (CCUSA), John Spencer
(Appomattox County), Johnnie Roark (Appomattox County).

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order.

Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs introduced Mike Damron, Administrator, Campbell County
Utility Service Authority.

Mike Damron explained to Town Council the history of the joint agreement between
Bedford, Campbell, Amherst and the City of Lynchburg.  The firm of Black and Veatch was
contacted to perform a rate study that everyone could live with.   The M-1 formula for the
Provisional Rate Methodology is applied from the American Water Works Association
manual (used nationwide).

CCUSA currently has a contract with the Town of Altavista.  Mike Damron explained line by
line how the Provisional Rate Methodology is being applied to the Town of Appomattox.
Mike explained this is a good ball park, overall view, but it is not set in stone.  Mr. Bill
Moore suggested the Appomattox Town Council and Mike Damron massage the numbers in
the provisional rate to be as accurate as possible in the near future so that everyone would
have a good idea of what the bottom line would look like.

Mike Damron encouraged the Town Council to make sure it understands all the facts and
figures before making a commitment.  Mike applauded the Town Council for doing that.

The Appomattox Town Council thanked Mike Damron and Bill Moore for coming to the
meeting and explaining the methodology as well as answering their questions.

On a motion by Councilmember  Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by McDearmon, the
Appomattox Town Council voted to convene in closed session, Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6
of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for discussion and consideration of the
investment of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made
public initially, the financial interest of the Town of Appomattox would be adversely
affected, with the specific purpose of such closed session being to discuss and consider the
investment of public funds for the waterline from Concord to Appomattox as they relate to
bargaining with Appomattox County regarding the proposal submitted by the County for cost
sharing, and the subject matter of such closed session being discussion and consideration of
the investment of public funds for the waterline from Concord to Appomattox.

2  Special Call – March 19, 2008

Vote:  Bennett- aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs
– aye, Lawson – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Utility and Finance Committees Council hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed,
or considered by this council.

Vote:  Bennett- aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs
– aye, Lawson – aye.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to adjourn at 8:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

