1  Workshop Meeting – March 25, 2008

At the workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on March 25, 2008 at 7:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor John L. Wilson, presiding and Council members Joyce B.
Bennett, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams,
Steven E. Lawson.  Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs was absent.  Also in attendance were Paul
Harvey, Chad Millner, Mary Lou Spiggle, Sarah Watson, Stephanie James, Earl Dickerson,
Carlton Duck, Derek Norfield and Wayne Schmitt, Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, David
T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Wilson called the meeting to order.

Mayor Wilson thanked the visitor’s and candidates for attending.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson and with all members present voting
“aye”, Council approved Spring Cleanup Weeks as April 14 – 18, 2008 and April 21 – 25, 2008
and April 19, 2008, 9:00 am to 1:00 pm as a Town Wide Spring Cleanup Day with a rain date of
April 26, 2008.

Standing Committee Reports

Finance – Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs - absent.

Fire & Safety – Ms. Bennett reported that the quote on the VPN (Virtual Private Network) is not
yet available.  She is waiting for this information before calling another Fire & Safety Committee
meeting.  A blighted area of the Town was successfully cleaned up with the help of the Town
Manager.

Ordinance – Mr. Mayberry reported on the Landscaping & Site Plan Review Ordinances.  The
ordinances have been submitted to the Planning Commission for a joint public hearing on
Monday, April 21, 2008 at the Appomattox Community Center.

Personnel – Mr. Williams reported that the Personnel Committee met on March 20, 2008 and
discussed the vacancies with the personnel.  Offers have been extended to two (2) prior
employees.  We will be advertising for a Wastewater Plant Trainee and a Utility position.

On a recommendation of the Personnel Committee and with all Council members present voting
“aye”, Council approved to pay the Town members appointees of the Planning Commission
$50.00 per (town) meeting, when asked to attend, beginning July 1, 2008.

Street and Property – Mr. Garrett reported for Mr. Lawson that Kelly Hitchcock with Region
2000 Local Government Council continues to obtain GIS information before setting another
meeting date.  Mr. Garrett also reported that the tile (slate) flooring will be installed tomorrow in
the hallway and bathrooms.   One coat of paint has been applied to the walls in these areas.  The
drop ceiling and door knobs will be installed and the area should be ready in a week or two.

Utility – Mr. McDearmon has no report.

2  Workshop Meeting – March 25, 2008

Staff Reports
Director of Tourism – Mrs. Nix was absent.  There will be a report for January and February
2008 at the April workshop meeting.

Treasurer’s Report – Mrs. Austin was absent.  Mr. Garrett reported for the Treasurer that all
businesses have reported meals tax and lodging tax for the month of February 2008.

Clerk – Ms. Paulette requested Council members to bring their Code Book to the Town Office
for updating.  Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates has begun the 2006/2007 Financial Audit.

Town Manager – Mr. Garrett reported that the following information is not 100% complete but
ordinances (water and sewer policies) have been obtained from other localities and an Excel
spreadsheet regarding a capacity assessment program.  The program will give evaluations on a
water and/or sewer system.  Mr. Garrett advised that he will summarize other ordinances and
provide council with excel worksheets.  Typically you would go through a similar process as the
landscaping ordinances.  Mr. Garrett suggested using current staff along with committee
members and reviewing other localities policies and procedures.  Mr. Garrett indicated that he
had talked with two other outside individuals who would be willing to assist in the process of
updating our water and sewer ordinance.  Mr. Lawson suggested contacting Tom Fore, Amherst
County for assistance.  Mayor Wilson suggested meeting with the Utility and Finance Committee
to determine where we are going (Mission Statement) before getting too involved with this
process.

Mr. Garrett supplied information regarding questions raised by Ms. Bennett at the last Council
meeting regarding the remedial design/construction of the SBR facility.  Mr. Garrett talked with
three (3) engineering firms regarding this information.  Mr. Garrett noted that this
communication was only verbal via telephone, none of the engineering firms have been on-site
to look at the facility or related material.  There is no written correspondence between the Town
and the three (3) other engineering firms.

•  How much more time and money is it going to cost the taxpayers to change firms?

David Garrett:  In order to change firms it would be necessary to put together a Request
for Proposals (RFP).  It is estimated to take 15 to 24 weeks to go through that process.
The cost estimate is $3000 - $4000 for the process.  Keep in mind that is without the
design phase.  Staff would have to draft a new contract that would be used with the new
firm, reviewed by the Town Attorney (before sending out the RFP).  Second, prepare a
new Preliminary Engineering Report (PER).  It is estimated to take 1 to 2 weeks with a
turnaround time to advertise for 30 days, 2 to 3 weeks to create a short list of candidates
to interview and 3 weeks to select a firm.  Final review, selection and approval would
take approximately 3 to 4 weeks.  This is a minimum of 18 weeks without design.

•  When can we actually get started if we change firms?  If we don’t change firms?

David Garrett:  Should council decide to change firms, it is estimated to take 15 to 18
weeks for the RFP process without design.  Should council decide to use our current
engineering firm (Hurt & Proffitt) it has been estimated the project could go out for
advertisement in 6 to 8 weeks.

3  Workshop Meeting – March 25, 2008

•  How much have we already spent with Ned Cleland?

David Garrett:  The Town spent $25,574.52 with Blue Ridge Design.  That includes the
JMT case, special witness, completed analysis on each basin, came up with a remediation
fix at that time.

•  How long would it take to educate another firm and find somebody as knowledgeable as

Hill Jones?
David Garrett:  Please keep in mind it took us 12 months to building the plant.  It is my
estimation (information not obtained from another firm) that it would take an additional 6
to 10 months for someone to become as knowledgeable as Hill Jones.  The firm would
have to meet with current operators to understand how the facility works, how the water
is coming in and going out.

There was much discussion regarding the answers to these questions.

On a motion by Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to place this item,
consideration to decide the SBR plant direction, the firm we are going to use on the April 14,
2008 Regular Council Agenda for disposal.
Vote:  Williams – aye, Lawson – aye, Bennett – no, Mayberry – no, McDearmon – no.  The
motion failed 3 to 2.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Bennett, Council voted to use the same
engineering firm as it used the first time, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. for civil engineering on the SBR
remedial work at the plant located on Ethel Street.
Vote:  Bennett – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Lawson – no.  Motion
carried 4 to 1.

David Garrett continued with the Town Manager reports:

•  Mayor Wilson and David Garrett attended a meeting in Richmond with the Department

of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) to discuss the Erosion and Sediment Control plan.
DCR voted to accept the program.

•  The Finance Committee is scheduled to meet on Thursday, April 3, 2008 at 1:00 p.m. to
discuss projected revenues and expenditures.  Staff has been working with the budget for
several weeks.  There will need to be a meeting of the Personnel Committee to discuss
salaries for the FY 2009 Budget.

•  David reported that he and Charles Garrett had attended the Virginia Rural Water

Association Conference and received quite a bit of information on groundwater wells.

•

 The Town received six (6) RFP’s on the groundwater project.  The deadline for the
submission of the RFP’s was Friday, March 21, 2008.

Town Attorney - none

4  Workshop Meeting – March 25, 2008

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Williams, Council voted to adjourn at 8:10 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

John L. Wilson, Mayor

