ref: reel_03_0891
date: 1985-05-13
content: Mayor Spiggle polled the Council on whether we leave Channel 29 in Charlottesville. It was general consensus that it be left with Charlottesville.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to table Item 3, Old Business and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton explained the proposal by the Sheltered Workshop in Farmville.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to participate in the Sheltered Workshop - Community Development Block Grant with the other locals, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously. See enclosed resolution and letters.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to adopt a Bad Check Policy of $15.00 plus costs on all returned checks.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to advertize their intent to adopt a change in Section 14-38, of the Town Code, to require a "utility Deposit" and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to approve the request for a Double-wide mobile home on Danny Ramsey lot on Lee Grant Avenue with a conditional use permit and also, the Health Department's approval and letters of approval from the property owners.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to deny the request from Mr. Ramsey for a single mobile home on the lot on Lee-Grant Avenue because it does not meet the zoning requirements and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to deny the Harold Wyatts request to abate the sewer charge on water used to fill his swimming pool, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton informed Council of Mrs. Gurthrie's concerns regarding parking on Church Street.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council referred the request for a Street light on Morton Lane to the Street Committee for their study and recommendations, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20907
record_id: 1927
page_number: 1

