ref: reel_03_0715
date: 1980-03-10
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday March 10, 1980, at 7:30 PM. with Mayor R. C. Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: T. E. Conner, M. E. Gordon, S. E. Carter, R. L. Bass, T. W. Lawson, and R. C. Hubbard.

Also present were Bill Sherrod, Times-Virginian, B. H. Mullins, Clerk and W. R. Britton, Jr., Town Manager.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The Agenda was approved on a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard and all members vote aye.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to accept the recommendation of the Water Committee and award the Contract for the Waterline Extension to George E. Jones & Sons, Inc. Their bid price being $217,000.00 for Class 51 pipe. This acceptance pending approval by HUD of the Contractor.

Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Carter-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Kenneth Jamerson appeared before Council to inform them of his application to the ABC Board for a license to sell Beer and Wine on and off premises. Council offered no comment at this time.

Mayor Spiggle reported to Council that the E.P.A. will fund the trip to Ada, Oklahoma only if you have money left in Step I. We have no money left in the Step I process to fund the trip.

Mr. Conner reported that the Property Committee had met and recommended to Council that the proposal for the lights at the Ball Park not be accepted because the Town does not have the funds for this project.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Carter, Council authorized Mr. Britton to go before the Board of Supervisors and request some help on the expenses for the Ball Park, and all members voted yes.

The Property Committee recommended that the Public Toilets request be denied, because of lack of funds, and also, "replacement policy" on Town Vehicles be left as is.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard that the Sewer Rehabilitation Schedule as presented by May & Associates be approved and a copy is attached to these minutes. (See Council file dated March, 1980)

Carter-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-nay
Motion carried by a 5 to 1 vote.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, that the proposal from Virten, LTD. be accepted and also accept the $71,000.00 payment from Virten, LTD. but a clause stating the "plans and specifications" be drawn up and the bids be accepted before six month time limit begins.

Carter-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-nay
Motion carried by a 5 to 1 vote.
chunk_id: 20791
record_id: 1811
page_number: 1

