1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, June 23, 2020 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Town Council members absent were Steven T. Conner.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Town Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Town
Clerk, Roxanne Casto.

Other guests present:  Honorable Janet Hix, Sam Vance, Richard Conner and special guests,
Tracy Shaw, Bif Johnson, Susan Adams, Don Jones, and Carlton Duck.

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and allowed
public phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the guests present.

The Honorable Janet A. Hix, Appomattox County Circuit Court Clerk was present to administer
the oath of offices to the Mayor, Richard C. Conner and Council Members Claudia Puckette,
Mary Lou Spiggle, Paul Harvey, Timothy Garrett & Jonathan Garrett.  Mr. Nathan Simpson was
not present however, he is able to stop by the Circuit Court Clerks office anytime before June 30,
2020 to be sworn in.

Mr. Timothy W. Garrett, Vice-Mayor presented Plaques of Recognition of Service to Paul
Harvey for his service as Mayor from July 1, 2008 to June 30, 2020 and to Mr. James J. Boyce,
Sr., for his service as Council Member from July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2020.  Mr. Steven Conner
was unable to attend to receive his plaque, however, he will be recognized at a future meeting.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

To hear citizen comments regarding Notice of Public Hearing under Section 15.2-2606

Code of Virginia of Proposed Issuance of Town of Appomattox $3,780,000 Wastewater System
Improvement Revenue Bond, Series 2020.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Action Items:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council adopted a Resolution
authorizing the issuance, sale, and award of an up to $3,780,000 Wastewater System
Improvement Revenue Bond, Series 2020, and providing the form, details, and payment thereof:

A RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE ISSUANCE, SALE AND AWARD OF AN UP TO
$3,780,000.00 WASTEWATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT REVENUE BOND, SERIES
2020 AND PROVIDING FOR THE FORM, DETAILS AND PAYMENT THEREOF

WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox,  Virginia  (the  “Town”),  is  a  public  body
politic and corporate of the Commonwealth of Virginia duly created under charter by  Order of the
Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  has  determined  to  acquire,  construct  and  improve  its
wastewater reclamation facility on Ethel Street in the Town and to finance such in part through the
issuance of its revenue bond (the “Project”);

WHEREAS, the United States of America acting through the Rural Utilities Service
(the “Government”), has offered to purchase the Town’s up to  $3,780,000.00 Wastewater System
Improvement  Revenue  Bond,  Series  2020,  bearing  interest  at  the  rate  and  on  the  terms  and
conditions  otherwise  described  in  Section  2.2  below  (the  “Bond”)  and  to  further  provide  Rural
Development  Grants  not  to  exceed  $1,879,000  and  $3,501,000  (the  “Grants”)  on  the  terms
described in a Letter of Conditions, dated April 29, 2015, as amended July 17, 2018, attached hereto
as Exhibit A (the “Letter of Conditions”) for a total project cost of $9,160,000; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  has  determined  to  satisfy  the  terms  of  the  Letter  of

Conditions and award the Bond to the Government, and to accept the Grants;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY TOWN COUNCIL OF THE TOWN

OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA:

ARTICLE 1)
AUTHORIZATION OF PROJECT

Section a)

The  Project:    In  order  to  improve  the  Town’s  waste  water
reclamation  facility  located  in  Ethel  Street  serving  the  citizens  of  the  Town,  the  acquisition,
construction and  improvement of  the Project has been duly authorized by  Loan Resolution (RUS
Bulletin 1780-27) of the Town Council, dated August 10, 2015, a copy of which is attached hereto
as  Exhibit  B  and  which  is  hereby  ratified,  confirmed  and  approved.  The  Town  hereby  ratifies
confirms and approves the RUS Grant Agreements (RUS Bulletin 1780-12), a copies of which are
on file with the Town.

ARTICLE 2)
AUTHORIZATION, FORM, EXECUTION, DELIVERY,

REGISTRATION AND PREPAYMENT OF BONDS

Section a)

Authorization  of  Bond;  Acceptance  of  Grants:    There  is  hereby
authorized  to  be  issued  the  revenue  bond  of  the  Town  in  the  principal  amount  of  up  to
$3,780,000.00  to  provide  funds  to  finance  the  Project.    The  Bond  shall  be  designated  “Town  of
Appomattox,  Virginia  $3,780,000.00  Wastewater  System  Improvement  Revenue  Bond,  Series
2020” and shall be sold to the Government upon the terms set forth in the Letter of Conditions. The
acceptance of the Grants is hereby approved. The proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Bond
and the Grants shall be used to pay the costs of the Project.

Section b)

Details of Bond:  The Bond shall be issued as follows:

(a)

A single fully registered bond without coupons in the denomination
of $3,780,000.00, registered in the name of United States of America, Rural Utilities Service, which
shall be numbered R-1, shall be dated the date upon which the Bond is delivered to the Government
upon payment of the purchase  price  (the “Closing Date”)  and shall bear  interest  at  the rate  not  to
exceed Two and One Eighth (2.125%) Per Cent per year on the unpaid principal balance; provided,
however,  that  should  the  Government  offer  a  lower  rate  of  interest  on  the  Bond,  such  lower  rate
shall be conclusively accepted by the Town, including the associated lower installment amount for
payment thereof, it being the intent of the Town to obtain to lowest cost of borrowed funds for the
permanent financing for the Project. The Bond shall be in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit
C hereto.

(b)

  Interest  only  shall  be  payable  during  the  first  twenty-four  (24)
months  thereof  and  shall  be  payable  annually  on  the  first  and  second  anniversary  dates  thereof.
Thereafter  the  Bond  shall  provide  for  monthly  payment  of  combined  principal  and  interest
beginning twenty five (25) months following the Closing Date and continuing each month thereafter
for  a  period  of  455  months  until  paid.    If  not  sooner  paid,  the  final  installment  shall  be  due  and
payable 480 months from the Closing Date.  The payment of every installment shall be applied first
to interest accrued to the payment date and then to principal.  In the event the Closing Date occurs
on the 29th, 30th or 31st day of a month, the installment payment date shall be the 28th day of the
month.

(c)

Installments shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America in accordance with the Preauthorized Debit System described in the Letter of Conditions at
such address as shall be provided from time to time by the registered owner, except that the final
installment  shall  be  payable  upon  presentation  and  surrender  of  the  Bond  at  the  office  of  the
Registrar.

Section c)

Execution of Bond:  The Bond shall be signed by the Mayor of the
Town and countersigned by its Clerk and its seal shall be affixed thereto. The Mayor is expressly
authorized and directed to finally determine and approve the details of the Bond except that (a) the
maximum  principal  shall  not  exceed  $3,708,000  (b)  the  maximum  interest  rate  shall  not  exceed
2.125% per annum and (c) the final maturity date shall be a date no later than forty (40) years from
the date of issuance. Such determination and the execution and delivery of the Bond on the closing
date and delivery to the Government shall constitute conclusive evidence of approval and no further
action by the Town shall be required.

Section d)

Registration  and  Exchange  of  Bond:  The  Treasurer  of  the Town  is
hereby appointed Registrar.  Transfer of the Bond may be registered upon books maintained for that
purpose at the office of the Registrar. The initial address of the registered owner of the Bond shall
be  Finance  Office,  USDA  Rural  Development,  1520  Market  Street,  St.  Louis,  Missouri  63103-
2696.    Prior  to  due  presentment  for  registration  of  transfer  the  Registrar  shall  treat  the  registered
owner as the person exclusively entitled to payment of principal and interest and the exercise of all
other rights and  powers  of  the  owner. The Bond shall  initially be registered  in the name  of  Rural
Utilities Service with an address of 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103-2696.

Section e)

Delivery of Bond:  The Mayor and the Clerk are hereby authorized
and directed to take all proper steps to have the Bond prepared and executed in accordance with its
terms and to deliver the Bond to the Government upon payment therefor.  The Mayor and the Clerk
are further authorized and directed to agree to and comply with, on behalf of the Town, any and all
further  conditions  and  requirements  of  the  Government  not  inconsistent  with  this  resolution  in
connection with its purchase of the Bond.

Section f)

Prepayment of Bond:  Installments of principal due on the Bond may
be prepaid at the option of the Town at any time as a whole or in part from time to time (and if in
part  in  inverse  order  of  their  maturities),  without  premium,  from  any  source.    Prepayments  of
installments  of  principal  shall  not  affect  the  obligation  of  the  Town  to  pay  the  remaining
installments payable as provided in Section 2.2.

ARTICLE 3)
REVENUES AND FUNDS; BOND PROCEEDS; RESERVE

Section 3.1

Revenue  Fund:    All  rates,  fees  and  other  charges  or  other  revenue
derived from the ownership or operation of the Town’s wastewater system (the “System”) shall be
collected and, so far as may be practicable, deposited not less frequently than weekly in a special
account designated the Revenue Fund.  Moneys on deposit in the Revenue Fund shall be used only
in the manner and priority set out below.

Section 3.2

Rates and Charges:

The Town covenants that it shall establish and
collect rates and charges with respect to the System sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on
the  Bond.  Further,  as  required  under  the  Letter  of  Conditions,  the  Town  hereby  approves  and
confirms that a Ten Percent (10%) penalty shall be assessed on all user accounts with respect
to the System that are not paid, in full, within twenty (20) days from the date of billing therefor. To
the fullest extent allowed under Virginia law, the Town shall discontinue service to any user if such
billing invoice is not paid within sixty (60) days after the due date thereof, and further, such service
shall  not  be  restored  until  all  past  charges  have  been  paid  and  all  accrued  penalties,  including  a
reconnection charge, have been paid to the Town, in full.

Section 3.3  Debt  Service  Fund:    Each  month  the  Town  shall  transfer  from  the
Revenue  Fund  to  a  separate  account  designated  the  Debt  Service  Fund  an  amount  equal  to  the
installments of interest, or principal and interest, as the case may be, coming due on the Bond that

month.  If there should be insufficient moneys in the Revenue Fund for this purpose, the deficit shall
be  added  to  the  required  payment  for  the  month  or  months  next  ensuing  until  such  deficit  is
eliminated.  When the balance in the Debt Service Fund equals the principal of and interest on the
Bond  then  outstanding  to  its  maturity,  no  further  transfers  to  the  Debt  Service  Fund  shall  be
required.    The  Town  shall  pay  installments  of  principal  and  interest  on  the  Bond  as  the  same
become due from the Debt Service Fund.

Section 3.4.  Debt  Service  Reserve  Fund:  Following  the  transfer  required  in
Section  3.3  above,  each  month,  beginning  with  the  month  of  the  first  payment  of  principal  and
interest  on  the  Bond,  the  Town  shall  transfer  from  the  Revenue  Fund  to  a  separate  account
designated the Debt Service Reserve Fund, as a reserve against the payment of principal and interest
on the Bond and operation and maintenance of the Project, an amount equal to Ten Percent (10%)
of  the  amount  of  the  monthly  installment  of  principal  and  interest  coming  due  that  month.
Thereafter, so long as the Debt Service Reserve Fund maintains a balance of at least an amount that
is  equal  to  the  maximum  annual  debt  service  on  the  Bond  that  shall  be  due  and  payable  by  the
Town,  and  additional  reserve  deposits  shall  be  established  and  maintained  as  required  under  the
Letter of Conditions, such monies may be used by the Town from time to time upon notice to and
consent therefore by the Government, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section 3.5

Balance  in Revenue  Fund:   Any balance remaining  in  the Revenue
Fund each  month,  after  making the  transfers required by Section 3.3  and  3.4  may be  used  by  the
Town for any lawful purpose.

Section 3.6

Pledge of Revenues:

(a)

All revenues and receipts derived by the Town from the use of and
services furnished by the System (the “Revenues”) and all moneys in the Revenue Fund, the Debt
Service Fund and Debt Service Reserve Fund are hereby pledged to the payment and performance
of the Town’s obligations on the Bond, subject to the rights of the Town to use the Revenues for the
operation and maintenance expenses of the System, as provided herein.

(b)

The pledge of Revenues pursuant  to this Resolution  with  respect  to
the Bond and shall be valid and binding from and after the Closing Date. The Revenues, as received
by the Town, shall be immediately subject to the lien of such pledge without any physical delivery
of them or further act. Such pledge of the Revenues to secure the payment and performance of the
Town's  obligations  under  the  Bond  shall  have  priority  over  all  obligations  and  liabilities  of  the
Town. The lien of this pledge of the Revenues with respect to the Bond shall be valid and binding
against all  parties having claims  against the  Town regardless  of whether such  parties have notice
thereof.

NONE OF THE TOWN, THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, NOR THE COUNTY
OF  APPOMATTOX  NOR  ANY  OTHER  POLITICAL  SUBDIVISION  OF  THE
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO PAY THE PRINCIPAL OF
OR INTEREST ON THE BOND OR ANY OTHER COSTS INCIDENT THERETO OR TO FUND
THE  DEBT  SERVICE  RESERVE  FUND,  INCLUDING  ANY  OTHER  ADDITIONAL
PAYMENTS  UNDER  THE  LETTER  OF  CONDITIONS,  IF  ANY,  EXCEPT  FROM  THE
REVENUES  AND  OTHER  SECURITY  PLEDGED  THEREFOR  BY  THE  TOWN,  AND

NEITHER  THE  FAITH  AND  CREDIT  NOR  THE  TAXING  POWER  OF  THE
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION THEREOF SHALL
BE PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF OR INTEREST ON THE BOND
OR  OTHER  COSTS  INCIDENT  THERETO  OR  TO  FUND  THE  DEBT  SERVICE  RESERVE
FUND,  INCLUDING  ANY  OTHER  ADDITIONAL  PAYMENTS  UNDER  THE  LETTER  OF
CONDITIONS,  IF  ANY.  NEITHER  THE  BOND  NOR  THE  OBLIGATIONS  OF  THE  TOWN
UNDER  THE  LETTER  OF  CONDITIONS  OR  THIS  BOND  RESOLUTION  CONSTITUTE  A
DEBT  OR  A  PLEDGE  OF  THE  FAITH  AND  CREDIT  OF  THE  COMMONWEALTH  OF
VIRGINIA,  THE  TOWN,  OR  ANY  OTHER  POLITICAL  SUBDIVISION  OF  THE
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRIGNIA.

Section 3.7

Construction Fund; Account Pledge:  All amounts from the proceeds
of  the  Bond  shall  be  deposited  in  a  separate  account  with  a  qualifying  depository  designated  the
Construction  Account  and  shall  be  used  solely  for  the  purpose  of  paying  authorized  costs  of  the
Project. All amounts in the Construction Fund are hereby pledged to secure the payment of principal
and interest on the Bond.

ARTICLE 4)
SECURITY FOR DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS

Section a)

Security for Deposits:  All moneys on deposit with any bank or trust
company  shall  be  secured  for  the  benefit  of  the  Town  and  the  holder  of  the  Bond  in  the  manner
required by the Virginia Security for Public Deposits Act (Chapter 44, Title 2.2, Code of Virginia of
1950, as amended) or any successor provision of law.

ARTICLE 5)
MISCELLANEOUS

Section a)

Contract  with  Bondholder:    The  provisions  of  this  resolution  shall
constitute  a  contract  between  the  Town  and  the  holder  of  the  Bond  for  so  long  as  the  Bond  and
interest thereon are outstanding.

Section b)

Town  Officers  and  Agents:    The  officers  and  agents  of  the  Town
shall  do all  acts  and  things required  of  them by  this  resolution,  the  Bond and the Virginia Public
Finance Act (Chapter 26, Title 15.2, Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended) for the complete and
punctual performance of all the terms, covenants and agreements contained therein.

Section c)

Limitation  of  Rights:    Nothing  expressed  or  mentioned  in  or  to  be
implied from this resolution or the Bond is intended or shall be construed to give to any person or
company  other  than  the  parties  hereto  and  the  holder  of  the  Bond  any  legal  or  equitable  right,
remedy or claim under or in respect to this resolution or any covenants, conditions and agreements
herein contained; this resolution and all of the covenants, conditions and agreements hereof being
intended to be and being for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and the holder of the
Bond as herein provided.

Section d)

Limitation of Liability of Officials of Town:  No covenant, condition
or  agreement  contained  herein  shall  be  deemed  to  be  a  covenant,  agreement  or  obligation  of  a
present or  future  member,  officer,  employee  or agent of  the  Town  in his individual  capacity,  and
neither the members of the Town Council nor any officer thereof executing the Bond shall be liable
personally  on  the  Bond  or  be  subject  to  any  personal  liability  or  accountability  by  reason  of  the
issuance  thereof.    No  member,  officer,  employee  or  agent  of  the  Town  shall  incur  any  personal
liability  with  respect  to  any  other  action  taken  by  him  pursuant  to  this  resolution  or  the  Virginia
Public  Finance  Act  (Chapter  26,  Title  15.2,  Code  of  Virginia  of  1950,  as  amended),  provided  he
acts in good faith.

Section e)

Conditions  Precedent:    Upon  the  issuance  of  any  Bond  all  acts,
conditions and things required by the Constitution and statutes of the Commonwealth of Virginia or
this resolution to have happened, exist and to have been performed precedent to or in the issuance of
such Bond shall have happened, exist and have been performed.

Section 5.6

Series  Designation:    In  the  event  the  Bond  are  not  issued  during
calendar year 2020, the Mayor and Clerk of the Town are hereby authorized and directed to change
the  series  designation  to  such  other  year  as  may  be  appropriate  at  the  time  of  their  issuance.
Thereafter all references in this resolution to the Bond shall be deemed to refer to the revenue Bond
issued pursuant to Article 3 under their new series.

Section 5.7

Repeal  of  Resolutions  in  Conflict:    All  other  resolutions,  or  parts
thereof, in conflict with this resolution are hereby repealed except for such resolutions as may have
been adopted by the Town at the specific request of the Government as a condition to its purchase
of the Bond.

Section 5.8.  Reserves;  Audit  Requirements,  Accounts  and  Records.  The
establishment, funding and maintenance of reserves as required by the Government as described in
the  Letter  of  Conditions  are  hereby  authorized  and  approved.  The  Mayor  and  Clerk  are  hereby
authorized  and  directed  to  coordinate  with  the  Town's  outside  auditors  in  order  for  the  Town  to
satisfy (and otherwise comply with) the audit requirements and any other accounting and financial
reporting terms and conditions as set forth in the Letter of Conditions.

Section 5.9

Successors  and  Assigns:    All  the  covenants,  stipulations,  promises
and  agreements of  the  Town  contained in  this resolution shall bind  and  inure  to  the benefit of  its
successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 5.10  Headings:  Any headings in this resolution are solely for convenience
of  reference  and  shall  not  constitute  a  part  of  the  resolution  nor  shall  they  affect  its  meaning,
construction or effect.

Section 5.11  Severability:    If  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  shall  hold  any
provision of  this resolution  to be  invalid  and unenforceable, such  holding shall not  invalidate any
other provision hereof.

Section 5.12  Filing  of  Bond  Resolution.  The  Mayor  or  Clerk  Council,  either  of
whom may act, any other appropriate representative or agent of the Town, is hereby authorized and
directed  to see  to  the filing of  a  certified  copy of  this resolution  in the Office  of the Clerk  of  the
Circuit Court of the County of Appomattox.

Section 5.13  Effective Date:   This  resolution shall  take effect  immediately.   The
Clerk of the Town is hereby authorized and directed to file a certified copy of this resolution in the
office of the Town.

This Resolution was passed by a vote of the Appomattox Town Council on the 23rd day of

June, 2020.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

_________________________________
Mayor, Town of Appomattox

_________________________________
Clerk of Council

Exhibit A: Letter of Conditions
Exhibit B: RUS Bulletin 1780-27, Loan Resolution
Exhibit C: Form of Bond

CERTIFICATE OF VOTES

The undersigned hereby certifies that the foregoing constitutes a true and correct copy of the
foregoing Bond Resolution, duly adopted by the members of the Appomattox Town Council by a
roll call vote at a regular meeting duly held and called on the date hereof, as follows:

Name

Aye

Nay

Abstain

Absent

10  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

EXHIBIT   A
LETTER OF CONDITIONS

11  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

EXHIBIT  B
LOAN RESOLUTION
RUS 1780-27

12  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

EXHIBIT C TO RESOLUTION OF
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
Dated ___________, 2020

No. R-1

$3,780,000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
WASTEWATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT REVENUE BOND,
SERIES 2020

The Town of Appomattox (the “Town”), a public body politic and corporate of the
Commonwealth  of  Virginia  duly  created  under  charter  by    Order  of  the  Circuit  Court  of
Appomattox County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925, for value received, hereby promises to pay to the
United States of America, Rural Utilities Service, (the “Government”),   or  registered  assigns,  the
principal sum of

THREE MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED AND EIGHTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($3,780,000.00)

and to pay to the registered owner hereof interest on the unpaid principal from the date hereof until
payment of the entire principal sum at the rate of Two and One Eighth Percent (2.125 %) per year.
Interest only shall be payable during the first twenty-four (24) months hereof and shall be payable
annually  on  the  first  and  second  anniversary  dates  hereof.  Thereafter  monthly  payments  of
combined principal and interest of Twelve Thousand Ninety Six ($12,096.00) Dollars and No Cents
shall  be  payable  beginning  on  the  twenty  fifth  (25th)  month  from  the  date  hereof  and  continuing
monthly  thereafter  for  Four  Hundred  Fifty  Five  (455)  consecutive  months  thereafter  until  the
principal of this bond is paid in full, each installment to be applied first to interest accrued to such
payment date and then to principal.  The final installment, if not sooner paid, of all amounts owed
hereunder shall be due and payable Four Hundred Eighty (480) months from the date hereof. Such
installments shall  be payable  in  lawful  money  of  the United States of America  by pre-authorized
electronic  debit  for  the  account  of  the  registered  owner  of  the  Bond  at  such  address  as  shall  be
provided  from  time  to  time  by  the  registered  owner,  except  that  the  final  installment  shall  be
payable upon presentation and surrender hereof at the office of the Registrar.

Amounts  shall  be  advanced  against  this  bond  as  requested  by  the  Town  and
approved by the  Government  and the  Town agrees to use the  proceeds of advances solely for the
purposes authorized by the Government.

13  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

This bond has been authorized by a resolution adopted by the Town Council on June
23, 2020   (the  “Bond Resolution”),  and  is  issued  pursuant to the  Charter  and  the Virginia Public
Finance  Act  (Chapter  26,  Title  15.2,  Code  of  Virginia  of  1950,  as  amended)  to  provide  funds  to
finance improvements to the Town’s wastewater system.  A copy of the Bond Resolution is on file
at the Town Hall, Appomattox, Virginia.  Reference is hereby made to the Bond Resolution and any
amendments thereto for the provisions, among others, describing the pledge and covenants securing
the  bond,  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  security,  the  terms  and  conditions  upon  which  the  bond  is
issued, the rights and obligations of the Town and the rights of the bondholder.

All revenues derived by the Town from its wastewater system are hereby pledged to

the payment of the principal of and interest on the bond.

Installments of principal due on this bond may be prepaid at the option of the Town
at  any  time  as  a  whole  or  in  part  from  time  to  time  (but  if  in  part,  in  inverse  order  of  their
maturities),  without  premium.    Prepayments  of  installments  of  principal  shall  not  affect  the
obligation of the Town to pay the remaining installments payable as provided above.

This bond is fully registered as to both principal and interest.  Transfer of this bond
may  be  registered  upon  books  maintained  for  that  purpose  by  the  Registrar.    Prior  to  due
presentment for registration  of  transfer  the Registrar  shall treat  the registered owner as the  person
exclusively  entitled  to  payment  of  principal  and  interest  and  the  exercise  of  all  other  rights  and
powers of the owner.

Any amount expended or advanced by the Government for the collection hereof or
to protect  any security therefor,  at  the option of the  Government, shall become  a part  of  and  bear
interest at the same rate as the principal hereof and be immediately due and payable by the Town to
the Government without demand.

All  acts,  conditions  and  things  required  by  the  Constitution  and  statutes  of  the
Commonwealth of Virginia to happen, exist or be performed precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond have happened, exist and have been performed.

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Town  has  caused  this  bond  to  be  signed  by  its
Mayor,  to  be  countersigned  by  its  Clerk,  its  seal  to  be  affixed  hereto  and  this  bond  to  be  dated
_______________ 2020.

14  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

(CORPORATE SEAL)

ATTEST:

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX,
VIRGINIA

_____________________________
Clerk, Town of Appomattox

______________________________
Mayor, Town of Appomattox

15  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

TRANSFER OF BOND

Transfer  of  this  bond  may  be  registered  by  the  registered  owner  or  his  duly
authorized attorney upon presentation hereof to the Registrar who shall make note of such transfer
in books kept by the Registrar for that purpose and in the registration blank below.

Date of
Registration

Name of
Registered Owner

Signature

of Registrar

__________  2020

United States of America
Rural Utilities Service

____________________

16  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

RECORD OF ADVANCES

AMOUNT

DATE

AMOUNT

DATE

17  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

Roll Call Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, T. Garrett – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, C. Puckette – yes, J. Boyce –
yes, Conner – absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt an
Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the Fiscal Year 2020-
2021 Budget for the Town of Appomattox, Virginia:

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL
ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2020-2021 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of Virginia,
require that the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for the budget year no
later than the date on which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2020-2021 Budget was published on May 27, 2020 in the
Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506, Code of Virginia, and
public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on Monday, June 8, 2020;

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in a
Workshop Session on June 23, 2020, does hereby approve the following General Fund
Expenditures by Category for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative Department
Professional
Police Department
Tourism Department
Fire Department
Public Works Department
Sanitation Department
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Donation/Contributions
Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

44,700.
516,404.
118,000.
94,644.
75,700.
281,000.
934,312.
150,000.
1,030,673.
36,250.
10,000.
 7,000.
27,100.
3,325,783.

18  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the
property tax rate at $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.55 per $100.00 of
assessed value for personal property, $.55 per $100.00 of assessed value for machinery and tools,
and $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2020, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 56.25% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 56.25% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Public Service Corporation
Bank Stock Tax
Cigarette Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Franchise Tax
Consumption Tax
Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Communications Tax
Zoning
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Motor Vehicle Tax
Sales Tax

155,000.
 70,000.
3,000.
5,000.
6,000.
 140,000.
130,000.
770,000.
40,000.
3,000.
6,000.
25,000.
150,000.
6,500.
1,000.
10,000.
9,000.
3,500.
60,000.

19  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

Aid to Police Department (HB599)
Fire Programs
Personal Prop Tax Relief Act State Funds
Visitor Center
Mobile Home Titling Tax
Miscellaneous
Grants
Town DMV Fees
Meadowlark Program Grant Revenue
Meadowlark Program Income
Other Reimbursable
Transfer from Reserve
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

44,000.
10,000.
23,107.
400.
500.
1,000.
700,000.
3,000.
53,473.
2,920.
500.
893,883.
3,325,783.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

623,277.
623,277.

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
Miscellaneous
Interest
Credit Card Fees
Rental of Misc. Property
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Fund Balance
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

350,000.
7,500.
15,000.
10,000.
4,000.
500.
4,000.
3,000.
35,000.
25,000.
169,277.
623,277.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:

20  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

1,032,689.
1,032,689.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees
County Reimbursement SBR & IDA PS
Park Service Maintenance
Interest
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Beginning Balance
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

850,000.
2,500.
7,500.
76,573.
1,800.
3,500.
1,700.
89,116.
1,032,689.

SECTION X:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Internal Service Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Internal Service Department
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURE

138,700.
138,700.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Internal Service Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2020-2021;

INTERNAL SERVICE FUND; REVENUE BY CATERGORY:
Reserves
TOTAL INTERNAL SERVICE REVENUE

138,700.
138,700.

SECTION XII:
The salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby authorized as per the terms
of the town’s classification and merit system as approved compensation for officers and
employees for services rendered, unless hereafter otherwise provided by ordinance; provided
however, that the Town Manager is authorized to make such rearrangement of positions in the
several departments named in the Budget, in respect to officers and employees appointed by
his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the Town and after approval by Council.

21  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal Year
2020-2021 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section 15.2-2507, Code of Virginia;
and,

SECTION XIV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year Budget for 2020-2021 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2020 and the monies necessary
to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained
as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Adopted this 23rd day of June, 2020.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Church Street Waterline Replacement Project
Mr. Bif Johnson appeared before Council to explain the proposal for the grant application
assistance for CDBG and Rural Development.  The CDBG maximum amount is $650,000.  The
project is estimated to cost $1.5 million dollars.  He suggested applying for both grants.

Rural Development would like for the Town to close out the current grant opportunity for the
sewer project before applying for the funding for the Church Street waterline replacement
project.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the proposal
by Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. to manage the grant application for the Church Street Water Replacement
Project.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
Amending the FY 2020 Operating Budget for payment to the Economic Development Authority
for the 2020 Business License Stimulus Refund:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2020 Operating Budget for payment to
the Economic Development Authority for the 2020 Business License Stimulus Refund.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

22  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

3.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General Fund.

General Fund Expenditures
Business License Stimulus Refund to EDA

Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve

Net Increase in Budget

$      43,457.37

$       43,457.37

$      43,457.37

$      43,457.37

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2020 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2020.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, T. Garrett – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, C. Puckette – yes, J. Boyce –
yes.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
amend the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General Fund to subsidize the reduction of the
utility rates by 25% for the April and May 2020 billing periods.

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2020 for the General Fund to Subsidize

the reduction of the utility rates by 25% for the April and May 2020 billing periods.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

23  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

3.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2020 Operating Budget for the General Fund.

General Fund Expenditures
Transfer to Water
Transfer to Sewer

$      26,461.56
$      16,463.82

General Fund Revenue
Use of Undesignated Reserve

$      42,925.38

Water Fund Revenue
Transfer from General
Water Sales

Sewer Fund Revenue
Transfer from General
Sewer Sales

$      26,461.56
$     (26,461.56)

    0.00

           $      16,463.82
           $      (16,463.82)

    0.00

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2020 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2020.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, T. Garrett – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, C. Puckette – yes, J. Boyce –
yes.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend and re-enact
the Code of the town of Appomattox, by adding thereto a new section numbered 10-9, relating to
the declaration of curfews in times of emergency.

24  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND RE-ENACT THE CODE OF THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, BY ADDING THERETO A NEW SECTION NUMBERED 10-9,
RELATING TO THE DECLARATION OF CURFEWS IN TIMES OF EMERGENCY. BE IT
ORDAINED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF APPOMATTOX:

1. That the Code of the Town of Appomattox be and the same is hereby amended and re-enacted
by adding thereto Section 10-9 as follows:

§ 10-9. Curfews after declaration of emergency. (a) Pursuant to the police powers granted to
the town by its charter and by Virginia Code § 15.2-1102, and in the interest of promoting public
safety, the Director of Emergency Services or his designee (collectively referred to in this section
as the “Director”) is hereby authorized to impose a curfew after the declaration of an
emergency, in accordance with the provisions of this section. (b) As used in this section,
"curfew" means an order issued by the Director prohibiting persons from being present on any
street, road, alley, avenue, park or other public place in the town or any portion thereof
designated by such Director during specified times of the day or night; (c) The Director may
declare a curfew if he deems such action necessary for the preservation of life or property, the
implementation of emergency mitigation, preparedness, response actions or recovery actions
anticipated or resulting from the dangers caused by the condition leading to the emergency
declaration, pursuant to the following procedure: (1) The authority conferred upon the Director
by this section shall arise only after either the state or the town declares an emergency in
accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code § 44-146.19 or 44-146.21 for a geographical
area located within the town; (2) The curfew shall be announced in such manner as is
reasonably calculated to provide notice to the public of the imposition of the curfew.
Termination of curfew shall be in like manner; (3) The declaration of a curfew, circumstances
justifying its imposition, time and areas of the town in which the curfew is in effect, and the
means and time of the public announcement of the curfew shall be recorded in a written
document signed by the Director and maintained in the records of the town; (4) No curfew shall
be imposed except in areas and at times that can be justified as necessary for the public safety.
(5) The action of the Director in imposing a curfew during an emergency declaration shall be
ratified by the town council at its next regularly scheduled meeting. (d) After the declaration and
public announcement of a curfew, it shall be unlawful for: (1) Any person, after having been
warned by a law-enforcement officer, to remain on any street, road, alley, avenue, park or other
public place in the town, or in any vehicle operating or parked thereon, in any portion of the
town designated by the Director; and (2) The owner or proprietor of any retail, wholesale or
eating and drinking establishment, entertainment venue or similar establishment, or other person
in control of such establishment, to allow any person to remain on the premises without the
express written permission of the Director; provided, however, that this prohibition shall not
apply to lodging establishments serving registered guests. (e) The following persons shall be
exempt from the provisions of this section while on duty or traveling to and from work: (1)
Persons traveling to and from home, work, or places of worship; (2) Hospital personnel; (3)
Members of the press; (4) State, Appomattox County, and Town of Appomattox employees and
volunteers; (5) Military personnel including but not limited to national guard troops; (6)
Employees of public utility companies; (7) Private emergency medical transport workers; and
(8) Other emergency workers as authorized by the Director. (f) Nothing in this section shall be

25  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

construed to prohibit or restrict travel to a hospital in the event of a medical emergency, nor
shall such travel be considered in violation of this section. (g) A violation of this section shall be
punishable as a Class 1 misdemeanor.

2. That this ordinance shall become effective upon its adoption.

Adopted: ________________________________

Certified: _________________________________________________ Clerk of Council

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Proposed Lease Agreement – Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce
Discussion of re-opening of the Visitor’s Center is under review.

Mr. Boyce made a motion to authorize the Mayor to execute the proposed Lease Agreement with
the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce for office space in the train department at 214
Main Street.  The motion died for a lack of a second.

Council Comments:
Mr. J. Garrett reminded everyone of the fireworks demonstration on Friday, July 3, 2020 at dark
(9:30 p.m.) at the Appomattox County High School parking lot area.

Ms. Spiggle reminded everyone that Abbitt Park and the Kiddie Park are now open to the public.
She also welcomed Mayor-elect Conner to the group.

Mayor Harvey expressed his appreciation to Council and staff over the past 12 years.  A lot of
good things have been accomplished.  He appreciates all the cooperation of all the Town
Managers.

Staff Reports

Kim Ray, Town Treasurer presented the Treasurer’s Report for May 2020 for the General, Water
and Sewer Fund.

Roxanne Casto, Clerk – none

Jeff Elder, Facilities Director – none

26  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 23, 2020

Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager reported on the following activities:

➢  The fireworks are planned for Friday, July 3, 2020.
➢  Staff has been working hard on various projects.
➢  Thanked Mayor Harvey, Mr. Boyce, Mr. Conner for their service.
➢  Looking forward to working with Mr. Richard Conner and Mr. Simpson.

Mayor Harvey also congratulated Mr. Conner and Mr. Simpson.  The Town has good staff and
Council to work with.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:00 p.m.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

