1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 8, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, June 8, 2020 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; Town Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Clerk of
Council, Roxanne Casto.

Others present were Carlton Duck, Mindy Conner, Richard Conner, Don Jones, John Hinkle,
Michelle Payne, and Susan Adams.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Public Hearing

Mayor Harvey opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the following:

Proposed FY 2021 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-2506
Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by the Town of
Appomattox for FY 2021:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
INTERNAL SERVICE FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

3,325,783.00
138,700.00
623,277.00
1,032,689.00
5,120,449.00

3,325,783.00
138,700.00
623,277.00
1,032,689.00
5,120,449.00

Documentation is available during regular business hours in the Appomattox Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  A copy is also available on the Town of Appomattox
website, www.townofappomattox.com, under the tab “Department”, “Finance” page.

The meeting will be open to the public, but with only limited seating available in order to
promote social distancing as established by Executive Order #55 issued by the Governor of the
Commonwealth of Virginia (March 30, 2020) and the Center for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC).

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 8, 2020

Citizens will have the opportunity to participate in the meeting in the following ways:

•  Dial-in number (US): 1 + (339) 207-6609.  Please mute your call.  Those calling in will

be able to speak during the scheduled period.

•  Join the online meeting: https://join.freeconferencecall.com/appomattoxtown and using

Online meeting ID: appomattoxtown.  Please mute your online call.

•  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/townofappomattox/ and using the option to watch

the live video of the meeting in progress.

The public and all interested parties are invited to attend this public hearing to make their views
known on the proposed FY 2021 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.  Any person needing
special accommodations should contact the Town Office no later than the close of business on
the day of the hearing at 434-352-8268.

Staff Reports – Mr. Shanaberger commented that this is a straightforward budget.

Public Comments – None

Mayor Harvey closed the public hearing.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church gave the invocation, and led the
Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
The event held on Sunday for the Black Lives Matters was conducted very well and very
peaceably.  The young ladies that put that on did a very good job organizing it.  We should say
kudos to Sheriff Simpson and his department for being present and making sure everything was
quiet and protected.

Scheduled Public Appearances:

The Appomattox Town Council presented the following certificate of appreciation and
recognition of service to Mrs. Sabrina Smith:

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
CERTIFICATE OF APPRECIATION

This evidence of commendation and appreciation is hereby bestowed upon Mrs. Sabrina Smith
for her dedication to public service since February of 1984 as an Assistant and August of 1992,
specifically as General Registrar/Director of Elections, in the County of Appomattox.

Her services have been held in high regard, and it is our wish on behalf of all the residents of this
community, that she will enjoy a long and healthy retirement.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 8, 2020

Witness my hand and seal of the Town of Appomattox this June 8, 2020.

__________________________________

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

Mrs. Smith expressed her appreciation of the recognition and having served the Town Council in
running their town elections.

Mr. Don Jones appeared before the Appomattox Town Council to explain the Community Gift
Certificate Program originally created/sponsored by Mecklenburg County and the three (3) major
Towns located in the County.  The program is called Chambers in Action (CIA).

It is simply a program for small, privately owned, retail stores and businesses owners who are
non-franchised and are not large retail stores.  The CIA broke it down into categories, they did
not have to be chamber members.

The program consisted of Mecklenburg County, the three (3) Town and the Chamber.  The
funding sponsors were the County and the 3 towns.  The Chamber ran the program.  All the
businesses throughout Mecklenburg County were eligible if they met the criteria.  The Chamber
put together a credit card/voucher type program.  There was $24,000 available from a
combination of the County, the 3 towns and a few private donors.  The program was opened with
a credit card/voucher that was numbered.  It was eligible to be used in any of the businesses that
signed up to use the program.  They were all listed on the tourism website.  It was a very simple
program.  A person could pay $20.00 and it suddenly became $40.00 to the business.  $24,000
worth of the vouchers were sold out within the first two and a half hours of being available.

It is a participant program.  $20 turns into $40 to the business immediately.

Funding for the program came from the Mecklenburg County Board of Supervisors, the 3 Town
Councils, and a few private individuals.  This amount was $24,000 and when the vouchers were
all sold it turned into $48,000.

Other ways to build an economic stimulus plan:
I sit on the Board of Trustees for the Shenandoah Valley Battlefield Foundation.  We looked for
ways to help museums from Lexington to Winchester.  We sent out a donor letter and in less
than 30 days raised $40,000.  We took $40,000 and sent grant applications to all the museums in
the valley and there were 28 responses.  The grant request gave us a synopsis of what the
museum was about, what they did, what they wanted the money for, how much money they
needed, if they had an estimate (send that estimate).  We funded all 28 grant requests.  We could
do the same thing here, just in a different manner.

Mr. Don Jones thanked the Council.
Consent Agenda –

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 8, 2020

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for June 8, 2020 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Old Business – none

New Business –
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to approve payment of
$43,457.37 to the Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority to provide an
economic stimulus to businesses located within the Town of Appomattox conducting business as
of October 1, 2019 and having paid for a 2020 Business License on or before June 1, 2020.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports – none

Citizen Comments – none

Town Manager’s Report –
Mr. Shanaberger provided the following updates:

➢  A conference call is planned for tomorrow, June 9 regarding the USDA Sewer project

closing process.

➢  A conference call is planned for tomorrow afternoon, June 9, regarding the Hazardous

Mitigation Plan.

➢  The Town should be receiving a proposal from Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. to apply for and
manage a grant application for the Church Street waterline replacement project.  The
Town is looking at 2 funding options, Rural Development and the Department of
Housing and Community Development.

➢  The Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce would be agreeable to the terms we

discussed as far as the in-kind donation to the chamber and the 30-day month-to-month
lease for office space at the train depot.

➢  There will be a Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority meeting on June

9, 2020 at 6:00 p.m.

➢  The Downtown Revitalization meeting for June has been cancelled due to a lack of action

items.

Mayor Harvey inquired if Abbitt Park has been reopened or if a date to reopen has been
discussed.  Mr. Shanaberger stated that staff would be having a meeting tomorrow, June 9.

Mayor Harvey also inquired if any money remained from the USDA project after the bids were
received would the Town be able to use those.  Mr. Shanaberger said the funding from USDA is
only for that project.

Council Comments – none

Adjournment:

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 8, 2020

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

