RECESSED AND RECONVENED MEETING - April 25, 1988

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council
was held on Monday, April 25, 1988, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor
Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb,
R. L. Bass, Marvin Mitchell, S. E, Carter, and H. W. Conner.

Others present were: Bill Hogan, Robin Whitehead, Mary C. Whitehead,
Mark Almond, Tony Russell, Tom Moore, Susan O'Brien Moore,

Thomas O'Brien, Jesse Chamberlain, Zack Radcliffe, Dave Brandt,

Hugh and Frances Radcliffe, Jon Peters, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved
the additions to the April Agenda of Old Business; 5. Parking lot -
Town Office; New Business: 3. Tommy O'Brien/Subdivisions;

4 Accepting Road in Town System; 5. Letter to U.S.F. & G., and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Tommy O'Brien appeared before Council to request permission
to connect the Subdivision on Lee Grant Avenue he proposes to
the Town Sewer System.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council
voted to grant Tommy O'Brien permission to connect to the Town's
Sewer System at a point beside the The Preston-Hopkinson property and
in accordance with the agreement as drawn up by Mayor Spiggle.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle proposed to hear from those present regarding
"Skateboarding".

Those citizens who spoke before Council where Mary Cat Whitehead,
Mark Almond, Jesse Chamberlain, Ruth and Jesse Radcliffe, and
David Brandt.

The gist of the conversations was to form an “Association”
with the kids and their parents to get together with the Board
of Supervisors and the Town Council to set down and discuss the
"Skateboarding" and what to do about it.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Webb, Town Council
voted to table Item 1., New Business, until June 13, 1988
meeting to give these citizens a change to organize their efforts.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye Webb-aye
Motion carried.

