ref: reel_02_0737
date: 1974-02-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, February 18, 1974 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Park presiding.

Members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, Mrs. Robinson, Martin Webb, and Ivey Holland.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved with one correction.

Mr. Conner reported that we have received a check for $2959.00 to purchase the police radio equipment. Mr. Conner made the motion to authorize the Police and Heath Committee to receive bids for the police radio equipment seconded by Martin Webb. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Slagle explained to Council that a request has been presented to have a "May Festival" similar to "Railroad Day".

Council felt they needed more information and requested that citizen support be assessed before any action be taken.

He also explained that Mr. Bert Peters was interested in operating an "Arts and Crafts Shop" in the "Depot".

Mr. Webb reported that the siren for the Fire Department should be delivered soon and that the Alert Systems will not be here for at least five weeks.

Mr. Guill reported on a request from Mr. Ronald Paulette for a street light across from his business. At this time Mr. Pack discussed with Council, VEPCO’s intention of renegotiating the Town’s contract with them. We now have a rate of one cent per kilowatt and VEPCO would like to raise the rate to two cents per kilowatt. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to begin negotiations with VEPCO, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion Carried. Council also decided to hold Mr. Paulette’s request in abeyance until such negotiations were final.

Mr. Pack reported that he had conferred with Mr. Charles Hill and explained the Town’s position concerning the right-of-way on 1002. Mr. Holland made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard to settle the matter with Mr. Hill. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Slagle explained the occurrence of vandalism on Lee-Grant Avenue.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion to adopt the revision of Article IX of the Town code regarding Town tags, seconded by Burke Guill. Motion carried. See attached copy.
chunk_id: 20188
record_id: 1208
page_number: 1

