1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2017

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, August 14, 2017, at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive Media TV; Margaret Camel, News &
Advance; Alexa Layne, Times Virginian; Nathan Simpson, Information Technology Technician;
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Jeff Elder, Facilities Manager; Clarence Monday, Interim Town
Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all visitors.

Pastor Carlton Duck gave the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.  Council participated
in a moment of silence recognizing the recent death of Pastor Duck’s wife.

Public Appearances
Nathan Simpson, Information Technology Technician for the Town of Appomattox appeared
before Council to provide an update on the recreation of the Town’s Tourism website –
www.historicappomattox.com.  He intends to launch the new site in mid-September.

Mayor’s Comments
Mayor Harvey welcomed Mr. Shanaberger to his first Council meeting as the new Town
Manager.  He also welcomed Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer.  She will give her first update tonight.

Consent Agenda
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for August 14, 2017 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business

Update and discussion of the Aquatic Play Area and Restrooms and Aquatic Play Area
Equipment Room.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to reject the bids for the
Aquatic Play Area and Restrooms and Aquatic Play Area Equipment Room due to budgetary
constraints.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mr. Shanaberger, Mr. Elder and Mr. Garrett will work to present a re-bid package at the August
29, 2017 Council Workshop meeting.

Street Light request on North Avenue and Dutch Lane
Mr. Elder advised Council that the Town did not request the developer to install street lights or
sidewalks when the zoning ordinance was changed.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2017

Mr. Garrett made a motion to table the request until the August 29, 2017 Council Workshop
meeting to determine if there were other areas of Town with lighting deficiencies.  Mr. Garrett
later rescinded his motion.

Mr. Elder will contact Dominion Virginia Power to obtain pictures and specifications of the
street lights quoted.

New Business

Consensus was provided for the Physical Development Committee to discuss the request of a
property owner of the Town’s interest in purchasing an adjacent parcel of property to the Town’s
Administration building.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to rename and repurpose
sewer funds identified in the Capital Improvement Plan for FY 2018.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to approve the request to
waive the sewer tap fees at 262 Rose lane, Appomattox, Virginia as a part of the Greater
Meadowlark Neighborhood Improvement Project CDBG #15-14.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to notify the County of
Appomattox of the Town’s intentions to resume its zoning functions.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mayor Harvey advised that Mr. Gillespie is willing to assist Mr. Shanaberger with any zoning
questions or concerns.

Citizen Comment period – none

Staff Reports –
Mrs. Kimberley Ray, Town Treasurer provided an update of activities since June 2017.  The
budget for FY 2017 was rolled forward into FY 2018 on June 30, 2017.  The inventory count
was performed by Brown, Edwards and the Public Works department on June 30, 2017.  New
procedures for FY 2018 are being implemented as were identified in the audit report, specifically
segregation of duties.  Progress continues to close out FY 2017.  Mrs. Ray is looking forward to
providing monthly reports to Council.

Mr. Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager thanked Council for the support shown over the first two
weeks.  He has attended his first Planning Commission meeting, EDA meeting, Experience
Appomattox meeting, and Regional Manager’s meeting and is burying himself in the Town
Code, State Code and Town Budget.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
August 14, 2017

Council Concerns:
Mrs. Puckette reported that the Town picnic was originally scheduled for Friday, September 22,
2017 and this is an away Varsity Football game and recognizing that lots of our community will
likely attend – she requested Council consider changing the date to Thursday, September 21,
2017.  Council concurred with the requested change.  The annual Town Picnic will be held on
Thursday, September 21, 2017 from 6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m. at Abbitt Park.

Mr. Conner stated the Council needs to focus on fixing sidewalks, partnering with VDOT if
necessary and fixing the depot.

Mayor Harvey reported on the Courtland Festival Park project.  Mayor Harvey, Mr. Elder and
Ms. Adams will be meeting soon to discuss the maintenance of the property.  On August 21,
2017, the Board of Supervisors are expected to approve the Articles of Incorporation for the
foundation.  Mayor Harvey spoke of a tiered system for rental of the park property.  A
memorandum of understanding between the Town and County would be needed for maintenance
and a rental agreement.  Several Council members raised concerns over maintaining property we
do not own.  Mayor Harvey said he would keep the Council informed of future conversations.

Mayor Harvey reported that the Town has not received any notification regarding the Downtown
Revitalization Grant.

Mayor Harvey reported that Appomattox County did receive the Arts Challenge Grant on behalf
of Wolfbane Productions.  He requested Council consider partnering with Appomattox County
on the local fund match.

Mr. Conner stated that he believes the Council should give personally to a 501 (c) 3 organization
and not with tax dollars.

There were no further comments.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 8:35 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

