1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, August 9, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, August 9, 2010 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Stacey H. Wilkes, Town Treasurer

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Pastor Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Mayor Harvey led the Pledge of Allegiance.

By consensus, Council added the following items to the agenda dated August 9, 2010:
1.  Possible consideration to offer Appomattox County funds for additional salary and benefit
package for an Economic Development Director.

2.  Discussion of the fee proposal by WW Associates for the additional engineering work on Old
Courthouse Road in and around the Museum of the Confederacy property.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda of August 9, 2010 as presented.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

Public Comments – none.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey stated that a number of citizens have requested
consideration for a Town Leash Law.  The item will be reviewed by the Street & Property
Committee and/or Ordinance Committee.

Mayor Harvey has also received numerous complaints about skateboarding on sidewalks,
parking lots and streets in town.  The Street & Property will review this issue.

Mayor Harvey also reported that the Personnel Committee continues to work on a job description
for the Town Manager’s position and the newly created Director of Public Works.  The Director
of Public Works will consume the previously titled Water and Wastewater Treatment Supervisor.
Also, the position of Wastewater Operator has been advertised.

Public Appearances – none.

Unfinished Business – none.

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, August 9, 2010

New Business –

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to adopt the following resolution:

RESOLUTION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS AS AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVES FOR USEPA STAG FUNDING
APPLICATION/IMPLEMENTATION PROCESS

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox desires to enter into a grant agreement with the United
States Environmental Protection Agency for the purpose of upgrading its water and sewer
infrastructure, and

WHEREAS, the United States Environmental Protection Agency requires that the Town Council
of the Town of Appomattox provide a list of approved representatives which will be authorized
to execute official documents related to the application for and securing of federal funds from the
United States Environmental Protection Agency to construct said improvements to the town’s
infrastructure, and

WHEREAS, it is the intent of the Town of Appomattox to proceed with these capital
improvements recognizing that without the financial assistance of the aforementioned grant
funds these improvements would not be possible.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox does hereby appoint
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor for the Town of Appomattox, and N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Vice-Mayor
for the Town of Appomattox as its authorized representatives to execute any of the required
documents relating to the USEPA STAG funding application/implementation process mentioned
previously in the body of this resolution.

Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett – aye.
Motion carried.

Economic Development Director
Mayor Harvey explained Appomattox County’s salary proposal of $46,000/yr plus benefits.  The
Town discussed adding a sum to the salary and benefits to increase the base salary to a more
competitive salary.  Part of the discussion included incentives or bonuses.  More discussion will
need to occur about quantifying those.  Council agreed to table this item until after the joint
meeting with the Board of Supervisors on August 24, 2010.

Engineering Fee Proposal for Old Courthouse Road
Council discussed the fee proposal received from WW Associates of $44,450.00.  After much
discussion of the bid being too high, Mayor Harvey will write a letter to the other firms under the
BOA for quotes.

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, August 9, 2010

Council Concerns –
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisor is likely going to change the size of the Planning
Commission board.  The town will not need to act on that.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:10 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

