1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 24, 2010

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on August 24, 2010 at 7:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding.

Council members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, Joyce B. Bennett.

Also in attendance were: Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey thanked and welcomed everyone.

Appearance/Presentation
Bob Gillespie, Jr., President, MRG Consulting, LLC and Herbert F. White, III, P. E., President,
WW Associates appeared before Council to provide an update of the STAG Grant project and
recently received bid for the project.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted
to award the Water Line and Sanitary Sewer Improvement project (WWA Project No.
209029.03) to Biggs Construction Co., Inc. for $739,775.00 contingent upon award of the State
and Tribal Assistance Grant (STAG) from the EPA’s FY 2004 Special Appropriation Project
Grant of $482,200 to the Town of Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

No action was taken on a taxpayer’s request to prorate the business license paid at the beginning
of 2010.  They have gone out of business and are asking for a refund of $1,423.  This has not
been the practice of the Town so the taxpayer was asking Town Council to grant an exception.

Council agreed by consensus to wait for the State Contract prices on the pickup trucks (General
Fund 28,000.00) (Sewer Fund (21,000.00).  The State prices are expected to be out September 1,
2010.

Standing Committee Reports
Finance – Discussion continue about property adjoining the Town Shop at 1771 S. Church
Street.

Fire & Safety – The committee will be meeting to discuss blighted property.

Ordinance – The committee will be meeting soon to discuss the Sign and Landscaping
Ordinances reviewed by Johnnie Roark, County Planner.

Personnel – Nothing to report.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 24, 2010

Street & Property – Ms. Spiggle reported that she will be meeting with Will Simmons next week
to discuss office space at the Visitor Information Center.

Utility – A Water Committee meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, August 25, 2010.  A meeting
with the Museum of the Confederacy has laid out the water and sewer connections for the
property.

Staff Presentations
Will Simmons, Director of Tourism – Presented a Power Point to the Council about what the
department has accomplished over the last year.

Stacey Wilkes, Treasurer – Presented June 2010 Financial Reports.  There was no use of fund
balance last year.  FY 2010 audit continues.  July 2010 is operating within budget.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 3 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real property for a
public purpose, where discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining
position or negotiating strategy of the public body, specifically being property for a recreational
park facility and such property being located on 1771 South Church Street.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett –
aye.  Motion carried.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett –
aye.   Motion carried.

There was no action as a result of the Closed Session.

Council Concerns
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:45 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

