1  Joint Meeting

Appomattox Town Council & Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
August 24, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council met jointly with the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
on Tuesday, August 24, 2010 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

Town of Appomattox – Present:  Paul D. Harvey, Mayor; Council Members:  Joyce Bennett,
Steve Conner, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Mary Lou Spiggle, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr. and
Timmy Garrett.  Others: Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of
Council.

County of Appomattox – Present:  Board Members: Gary Tanner, Thomas Conrad, W. H. Craft,
Samuel Carter, Jerry Small; Johnny G. Overstreet, County Attorney; Aileen T. Ferguson, County
Administrator; John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator; and Vicky Phelps, Administrative
Assistant.

Mayor Harvey called the Appomattox Town Council to order.

Chairman Tanner called the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to order.

Supervisor Small delivered the invocation.

Mayor Harvey welcomed the Board of Supervisors and all guests to the meeting and thanked
them for attending.

Items discussed:
Economic Development Director
Mayor Harvey advised both governing bodies that he had spoken with the Economic
Development Partnership in Richmond and Liz Povar is available to come and speak to both
bodies on September 15, 2010.

Both bodies were in agreement with allowing Ms. Povar to speak to both bodies before
committing any further on the efforts of hiring an Economic Development Director.

Public Address System Repairs and Changes
The Public Address system at the depot is in need of upgrading.
On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conrad, the Board of Supervisors voted on a 50/50
split for the cost of the upgrade.
Roll call vote – Craft – aye, Conrad – aye, Small – aye, Tanner – aye, Carter – aye.  Motion
carried.

Economic Development Director Interview Panel
Mr. Conrad suggested waiting until after the meeting with Liz Povar on September 15, 2010 to
discuss this item further.  The County will forward a copy of the Position Description to Ms.
Povar for review.

Other concerns:

2  Joint Meeting

Appomattox Town Council & Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
August 24, 2010

The Water Committee will meet on August 25, 2010.  Aileen Ferguson will present the timeline
for the project.  Mayor Harvey will be unable to attend the meeting but is looking forward to
good things.

Boundary Line Adjustment
Mr. Overstreet (County Attorney) advised that the County wanted to make sure that all the
property owners affected were in agreement before proceeding.  That appears to be the case.  If
this proceeds to be a voluntary agreement between each governing body then each body would
enter into an agreement of general terms and each would be required to hold a public hearing.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adjourn at 6:30 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Supervisor Conrad, seconded by Supervisor Small, the Board voted to adjourn at
6:30 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

