1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2016

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop Council meeting on Tuesday, June 28, 2016 at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Anne Dixon, Jeff Elder, Peggy Whitehead, Ashlie Walter, Daniel Puckette, Philipp
Gabathuler, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the June 28, 2016 Council Workshop meeting to order.

Anne Dixon, Director of Parks, Recreation and Tourism, Appomattox County, appeared before
Council to provide an update on events at the Appomattox Community Park (County/Police
Tower Road).  Mrs. Dixon asked for the Town’s consideration of a donation to continue the
efforts made at the park.

There was discussion of the request received from the Appomattox County Chamber of
Commerce for a financial donation.  An action item will be placed on the July 11, 2016 Regular
Council meeting agenda.

There was a brief discussion of the vacancy on the Board of Zoning Appeals.  The Clerk will
place an advertisement in the Times Virginian for interest.  Council will appoint at the August 8,
2016 Council meeting.

Town Council received a request to provide a letter of support for the Blue Ridge Medical
Center.  The Blue Ridge Medical Center is interested in bringing a location to Appomattox.
Federal aid to construct the location is being sought and a letter of support from the Town
Council for the application process is desired.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the
following resolution:

RESOLUTION SUPPORTING BLUE RIDGE HEALTH CARE, INC. ESTABLISHING A
SATELLITE CENTER IN APPOMATTOX COUNTY

WHEREAS, the need for improved health care access has been noted in the Town’s
Comprehensive Plan (pp. 43, 62);

WHEREAS, Blue Ridge Health Center, Inc., a non-profit health care organization and a
Federally Qualified Health Center has a mission to provide quality health care to people
regardless of ability to pay and to improve their general health and well-being through
prevention, education, and treatment, and

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2016

WHEREAS, Blue Ridge Health Center, Inc. is interested in establishing a satellite center in
Appomattox County and will be submitting an application for grant funding to the Federal
government’s Health Resources and Services Administration for a “new access point” in
Appomattox County by July 15, 2016,

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the members of the Appomattox Town Council fully
agree that the establishment of a Federally Qualified Health Center would benefit County
residents who need improved access to affordable quality care, and

BE IT ALSO RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox Town Council supports the submission of a
funding application by Blue Ridge Health Center, Inc. for a new access point in Appomattox
County and encourages the Health Resources and Services Administration to award such
funding.

Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – abstained due to a
working relationship with Blue Ridge Medical Center, Puckette – yes.  Motion carries 5-0-1.

There was a discussion of the Town’s intent to join the membership of the Lynchburg’s Regional
Business Alliance (formerly Virginia’s Region 2000 Business and Economic Development
Alliance).  The cost to join is $2,181.00.

This item will be added to the July 11, 2016 Regular Council meeting agenda for action.

Standing Committee Updates:
None

Staff Member Updates:
Mr. Gabathuler advised Council of the timeline that has been set by CHA Engineering and Reid
Engineering for the Inflow and Infiltration work.  The monitoring will be done in July – August
2016; complete plans by January – February 2017; and advertise in Spring 2017 for construction.

There was an incident at the Pump Station in Concord that “fried” the SCADA system and
caused the water pump station to lose pressure.  The problem has been corrected.  Pump Station
#5 (sewer) was also struck by lightning.

The Kiddie Park grading will begin soon.  The Public Works department will close down ½ of
the park to remove equipment, place new equipment and remove the pavilion.

Mrs. Susan Adams, Appomattox County Administrator invites the Town Council to attend the
County’s First Responders event in Courtland Field on September 19, 2016.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2016

Downtown Revitalization /Visioning process – Approximately 24 people attended the kick off
meeting.  The Town is off on the right foot and receiving good feedback.

Mr. Gabathuler advised Council that they may need to consider revisiting the lawn cutting
ordinance at a future meeting.

Council Concerns:
Ms. Joyce Bennett attended a water meeting regarding ensuring safe drinking water and she
obtained a signed book by the author to add to Mr. Elder’s library at Public Works.

Mr. Conner is concerned about those walking dogs downtown and the owners of the animals not
cleaning up after them.

Mrs. Puckette is concerned about people continuing to park in the fire lanes at the Shopping
Centers.

Sheriff Letterman has talked with the landlord of the Triangle Plaza regarding the loitering
complaints.

Closed Session –
On a motion by Council Member Puckette, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of discussion of the resignation of a specific public appointee of the
Town, specifically being Appointee A.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Puckette made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2016

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.
with no further business.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

