# WORKSHOP MEETING – April 27, 2004

Page 1 of 2


A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday,
April 27, 2004 at 7:00 p.m. with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: Walter H. Carson, Norman H. Mayberry, Marvin H. Mitchell,
Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., and Steven E. Lawson.

Others present: Robin Wood, Edmund & Williams, W. M. Phillips, Town Attorney,
David Garrett, Town Manager, Larry Mobley, Charles Garrett, Hill Jones, Hurt &
Proffitt, Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Chad Denton, Times Virginian and Roxanne
Paulette, Clerk.

The meeting was called to order by Mayor Spiggle.

On a motion by Councilmernber Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember
McDearmon, Council voted to approve the agenda.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember
Mitchell, Council voted to convene In Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-
3711 A.7 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as,amended, for the purpose of
consultation with legal counsel regarding specific legal matters requiring the
provision of legal advice by such counsel.

Vote: Bennett-aye, McDearmon-aye, Mayberry-aye, Carson-aye, Mitchell-aye,
Lawson-aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby
certifies that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business
matters lawfully exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law
were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies,
and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the motion
convening the closed meeting were heard, discuss, or considered by this council.

Vote: Bennett-aye, McDearmon-aye, Mayberry-aye, Carson-aye, Mitchell-aye,
Lawson-aye,

Council as a result of the Closed Session took no action.

David Garrett reported one informational Item being the 12 lights in the parking
lot at the courthouse are similar to the ones downtown.

Bat