# REGULAR MEETING – April 12, 2004

Page 3 of 3


-_ Council. Meeting-—April 12,-2004.... 2 = seins eee

David T. Garrett, Ir, Town Manager gave an update on Well #39. The project is.
expected to.be complete by June 30, 2004.

David T. Garrett, Jr., Zoning Administrator informed Council of a Zoning Application
submitted by Kidd’s Collision for Used Auto Sales that will be sent to the Planning
Commission for a Public Hearing to be held on May 17, 2004 for the purpose of a
conditional use permit.

Ona motion by Councilmember Mitchell, seconded by Councilmember Carson, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 A.7 of the Code of
Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel
regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel.

Vote: Bennett-aye, McDearmon-aye, Mayberry-aye, Carson-aye, Mitchell-aye, Lawson-
absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that
to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully :
exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
closed meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public
business matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were’
heard, discuss, or considered by this council.

Vote: Bennett-aye, McDearmon-aye, Mayberry-aye, Carson-aye, Mitchell-aye, Lawson-
absent.

Council as a result of the Closed Session took no action.

On a motion by Councilmember Carson, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to adjourn at 9:05 p.m. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

— RowtdC. yale

Ronald C. Spiggle, Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC