# REGULAR MEETING – April 12, 2004

Page 2 of 3


On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon.
Councilmember Carson called for the question, meaning to limit debate. All in. favor of
limited debate. All voting aye. Council voted to approve the slate of officers for the
2004 Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival, Chairman — Dean Thompson, Vice-
Chairman = David Garrett, Jr., Secretary - Roxanne W. Paulette and Treasurer — Bobbie
H. Mullins. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to.approve $25,000 for the Region 2000 Regional Commission to be the
Region 2000 Action Coordinator as it pertains to the Appomattox County/Town Water
Supply Project. Ail members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to approve David T. Garrett, Jr.,, Town Manager to execute the
Memorandum of Understanding between Appomattox Courthouse National Historical
Park and the Town of Appomattox. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to ask Appomattox Courthouse National Historical Park to Include the
Jamerson site in their General Management Plan. All members voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to write a letter to the Appomattox Courthouse National Historical Park in
support of the Appomattox County Chamber.of Commerce and Final Campaign
Reenactment Committee in support of the reenactment event to be held in Appomattox
in April 2005 and how important tourism is to the Town. All: members voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
Council voted to approve the use of Abbitt Park on April 16, 2004, May 14, 2004, June
18, 2004, July 16, 2004, August 20, 2004 and October 8, 2004 for Friday Cheers. All
members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Carson, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell, Council
voted to allow the use of and waive the fee for Abbitt Park by the J. Robert Jamerson
Memorial Library Summer Reading Fair. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mitchell,
Council voted to appoint Councilmember Steven E. Lawson to serve on the Elementary
School Committee. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

Saq