1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 14, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, November 14,
2022 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Vice-Mayor Garrett presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle.

Absent: Nathan A. Simpson

Others:  Melissa Lucy; Daniel Kutessa; Frank Wright; Drew Dearing; Charles Conrad; Jane
Thomas Allen; Scotty Allen; Rob Fowler, Zoning Administrator; R. Terry McGhee, Town
Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Councilman Boyce led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner said he was thinking of everyone in our community, Lynchburg and
Charlottesville in light of the recent violence.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Daniel Kutessa, Vice mayor-Abaitababiri, Uganda appeared before Council to encourage a
strategic partnership. Their challenges include health, education and sanitation. They also do not
have a modern way to handle garbage. He wanted to encourage exchange visits or partnerships.
Mayor Conner stated hopefully we could work out the logistics.

Melissa Lucy, Chief Executive Officer, Horizon Behavioral Health appeared before Council and
provided a Powerpoint presentation of their services (mission), fentanyl overdoses, treatment and
prevention services.

After an exchange of questions and answers, Council thanked Ms. Lucy for attending and
providing this information.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the consent
agenda as presented on November 14, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 4-
0.

Unfinished Business:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to execute the
Memorandum of Understanding with Dominion Energy for the Rural Broadband project. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 4-0.
*Mr. McGhee noted that the ISP would be Firefly.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 14, 2022

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to award the contract for
seal coating of town owned parking lots to DuraSeal, Inc. for a total bid of $42,585. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried 4-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
ARPA-After discussion of the Town’s procurement policy, the council concurred to cancel the
bids.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to reject the bids received
for the generator project. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 4-0.

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee reported on the following items:

-  He received a call from Don Jones commenting how nice all the Christmas lights look in

Downtown Appomattox.

-  Continues working on the idea of a K-9 dog for the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Office.
-  Virginia Metal Fab will be hosting an open house on December 9, 2022 with formal
ceremonies starting at 10:00 am. VMF revised the job projection for the first 3 years.

-  Met with CIVICPLUS regarding a new Town Website.
-
-  Applied for an Alternate Transportation Grant-Virginia Ready, Set, Go.

Is working on project portfolios for a better picture of meeting strategic objectives.

Mayor Conner transferred presiding duties to the Vice-Mayor.

Council Comment:
Mr. Boyce is concerned about the former Courtland Manufacturing Building on Confederate
Blvd. Something needs to be done. Staff will speak with the Building Inspector/Official to see if
any of the concerns are nuisances. Mr. McGhee said there is a grant available for the area
however the owner has to agree.

Closed Session:

On a motion Ms. Spiggle and a second Mrs. Puckette for a Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-
3711 (A) 8 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal
counsel retained by the Town regarding a specific legal matter requiring the provision of legal
advice by such counsel, such matter specifically being issues pertaining to enforcement of the
Town’s zoning ordinance in the context of a potentially nonconforming property.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 14, 2022

ROLL CALL VOTE:  Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes. Motion carried
4-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Boyce made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Puckette and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

ROLL CALL VOTE:  Puckette-aye, Boyce-aye, Spiggle-aye, Garrett-aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Ms. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

