1  Workshop Council Meeting

August 26, 2008

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on August 26, 2008 at 7:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, John T. “Plicky” Williams, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were Chad Millner, Nina Beasley,
Benny Harvey, Ben Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Stephanie James, Hazel Thomas, Betty Gallier, June
Chenault, Joyce Bennett, Mary Lou Spiggle, Rex Hammond, Beckie Nix, Charles Garrett, Cliff
Harvey, Sarah Robertson, Kenneth Jones, Bob Hopkins, Ned Cleland, Barbara McClaughlin,
Sarah Watson, Mary Williams, Wanda Jobe, David Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, James
Stringfield, Town Attorney and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey introduced Beckie Nix, Director of the Lynchburg Regional Convention &
Visitor’s Bureau.  Mrs. Nix appeared before the Appomattox Town Council to introduce a
managerial contract proposal at the cost of $20,000 per year to provide the following by the
Director:

-  Handle facilitation of all aspects of the current program
-  Manager the department budget
-  Schedule weekly office hours
-  Continue locality specific appointments as needed
-  Oversee management of Visitor Information Center
-  Remain in communication with the VIC staff
-  Remain in communication with Town Manager
-  Bring regular updates to the Appomattox Town Council
-  Schedule individual, as well as joint marketing opportunities

Mrs. Nix explained that the proposal would result in a financial savings to Appomattox in the
range of $75,000 - $100,000 per year over the departments’ current fiscal budget.

Mrs. Nix and Mr. Hammond were available for questions.  Mayor Harvey asked if the proposal
could be entered into on a quarterly or semi-annual basis.  Mr. Hammond stated that the
Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce was eager to work with the Town of Appomattox at whatever
arrangement could be reached.  Mr. Baine asked Mrs. Nix if she would be available for questions
in the coming days.  She responded that she would.  There were no further questions or
comments.  Mayor Harvey thanked Mrs. Nix and Mr. Hammond for their presentation.

Mayor Harvey introduced Mr. Bob Hopkins with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. and Mr. Ned Cleland with
Blue Ridge Design.  Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Cleland each gave an update on the design phase of
the remediation project at the SBR Wastewater Facility on Ethel Street.  Bob Hopkins, Hurt &
Proffitt, Inc. is planning to submit the remedial plans to DEQ by early September.  The approval
process is estimated to last 45 days with approval coming from DEQ in mid October 2008.  Hurt
& Proffitt, Inc. is expecting to advertise after January 2009.  There will be a 30 day
advertisement process.  The construction phase should begin in March or April 2009.  Mayor
Harvey thanked Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Cleland for their presentation.

2  Workshop Council Meeting

August 26, 2008

Mr. Baine reported on the street light request on Second Street.  He and Mr. Garrett have met
with Dominion Virginia Power.  The Town continues to wait for an official quote from
Dominion for two (2) additional street lights, for a total of three (3) lights on the street.
Currently, there is only one street light for the entire street.  The request was for one light.  The
quote will be for installing two (2) streets on Second Street.

The Town Council discussed creating a credit card policy at the request of Robinson, Farmer,
Cox Associates (Auditors).  The Clerk will provide all council members of sample policies from
other localities before the next workshop meeting and place the item on the workshop meeting
agenda for discussion.

At the request of Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, the Town Council discussed the six year Capital
Improvement Plan and Stag Grant.  Mr. Garrett, Town Manager will provide a copy of both the
Capital Improvement Plan for water and sewer and information on the Stag Grant before the next
workshop meeting and place the item on the workshop meeting agenda for discussion.

At the request of Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, the Town Council discussed the current
“Organizational Flow Chart” for the Town of Appomattox.  The flow chart was created two
years ago.  With the Charter changes in the Town Code it appears there should be changes to the
organizational flow chart.  The Personnel Committee met on July 28, 2008 and discussed the job
description of the Town Manager.  There was no decision or recommendations made as a result
of that meeting.  Other localities that have Manager/Council forms of government most likely
already have in-house procedures or policies regarding the dissemination of material to six (6)
council members.  The Town Manager has requested the Town Clerk research the
procedures/policies of other localities and provide the material to the Town Council.  The item of
the Organizational Flow Chart, Mayor’s Responsibilities and Mayor’s Pay will be added to the
September Workshop Meeting agenda.

At the request of Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, the Town Council discussed identifying a Public
Relations representative for the Town.  Questions and Suggestions were raised concerning the
Mayor, Town Manager or the Chairman of the Standing Committees as the Public Relations
representative.  Ultimately, all council members want better communication between the town
and its citizens.  Mr. Baine pointed out that better communication could be through the
newspaper, website, television, quarterly newsletters.  Mr. Baine also stated he had spoken with
the Director of Public Relations from VML who was of great help and who he hoped to see at
the annual VML conference in October.  The Director said he would enjoy coming to
Appomattox to train and give general guidelines before Council makes a decision regarding this
item.

Mr. Garrett, Town Manager gave an update on Well #15.  The well has been out of service for
2-3 months due to a leak in the casing.  Mr. Garrett expressed concern of the proposed corrective
action stating that the product suggested to seal the crack could possibly leach into the ground
water.  Since there is has been no Bac T violations and there is 50 foot of grout for the well, it is
a possibility that the well could be put back into service and therefore, he has asked the Virginia
Department of Health to reconsider.  Staff would feel comfortable running the Bac T samples
monthly.

3  Workshop Council Meeting

August 26, 2008

Mr. Garrett, Town Manager also reported that Brad White, Geologist with DEQ is convinced
that Wells 9, 15 and 53 are regionally connected.  This conclusion was reached using the sensor
devices installed at the wells.

Mr. Garrett also reported on the current well conditions.  Yes, it is dry, but the citizens of the
Town of Appomattox have responded to the voluntary conservation measures.  The water tables
have dropped.  Regardless, he would not have expected them to be high at this time of the year.
Mr. Garrett also mentioned that he has been working with the altitude valves at the million
gallon water tank.  In doing so, this has created higher pressure than normal throughout town.
This may result in the need to install pressure reducing valves in some areas.

Mr. Garrett, Town Manager gave a brief update on the metal treatment at the Trickling Filter
Plant on Church Street.  The treatment began on August 11, 2008 and the operator’s have been
benchmarking during the past week.  On Sunday, August 24, 2008, the operator’s introduced the
Hydro-Magnesium and by today, August 26, 2008 the results are good so far.  The sheets will be
provided to the Council.

Standing Committee Reports
Finance Committee – no report

Fire & Safety Committee – no report

Ordinance Committee – Mr. Carter reported that the Ordinance Committee met on August 14,
2008 and will meet again on August 28, 2008.  The committee is working on the development of
a Sign Ordinance.

Personnel Committee – Mr. Williams reported that the committee met on July 28, 2008 and will
meet again soon.

Street & Property Committee – Council gave consensus to creating the Community of Candles
Committee.  The committee will consist of June Chenault, Bryan Baine, Carolyn Davis, Frances
Guill, Karen Richardson and Shirley Wheeler.

Utility Committee – no report

Town Staff Reports
The Town Manager reported that he had been working with residents/homeowners on tall grass
and brush collection.

He has been working on the easement for the welcome sign near Glory Baptist Church (east
460).  The church expressed concern to Mr. Garrett of the 30x30 area needed for the sign.  The
Town Manager and Town Attorney have revised the plat and easement and returned it to the
church for their consideration.

The Pump Station Easement and Plat have been sent to the property owner in Richmond for
review.

4  Workshop Council Meeting

August 26, 2008

Mr. Garrett reported that he has met with Verizon to install new control lines at Wells #1 and 39
so they can be operated automatically instead of on timers.

He has also been working the representative from Clay Valves who is assisting with the altitude
valve at the million gallon tank.

Also, the State Water Control Board did approve the amendment to the Consent Order.  The next
step is to finalize the Plan of Action within 60 days.

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. McDearmon and with all members
present voting “aye”, Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of
the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the
investment of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public
initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically
being the discussion of the proposal submitted by Appomattox County regarding the waterline
from Concord to Appomattox and §2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended,
for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel employed or retained by the council regarding
specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel, with the subject
matter of such closed meeting being liability issues pertaining to a Freedom of Information Act
Request recently received from John Falcone and §2.2-3711(A) 7 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel employed or retained by the
Appomattox Town Council regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal
advice by such counsel, the subject matter of such meeting being the legal requirements of
compliance with the Public Procurement Act, and the purpose of such requirements in the
context of qualifying engineering firms.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, Williams – aye, McDearmon – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge:  (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, Williams – aye, McDearmon – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs and with all members
present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 10:00 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

