1  Special Call Meeting
August 7, 2008

At the Special Call Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on August 7, 2008 at 5:00
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams, Karl E.
Carter and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were David T. Garrett, Jr., Town
Manager, Beckie Nix, Director of Tourism, and Leslie Austin, Treasurer.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Williams, the Appomattox Town Council voted
to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where
competition or bargaining is involved, where if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically being the investment of public funds
as incentives for prospective location of Business A to Appomattox.

Vote: Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote: Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye, Jamerson-
Scruggs – aye.

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. Williams and with all members present
voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 6:25 p.m.  Motion carried.

Leslie C. Austin

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

