1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 23, 2022 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present: Aaron M. Tilton, James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G.
Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson, and Mary Lou Spiggle.

Others:  Sharon Walker, Times Virginian; Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Carlton Duck, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne
W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Discussion Items:

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
TOWN COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2022-2023 BUDGET FOR THE
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle situses
within the Town commencing January 1, 2022, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 44.1% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 44.1% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

Attest:

_______________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, MMC, Town Clerk
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

_______________
Date

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2022

Council discussed a logo for the Town of Appomattox.  Mr. Simpson will return to the
September 12, 2022 Council meeting with a couple of modified versions for discussion.

Mr. McGhee explained the process of Document Disposition Planning and Destruction.  He has
secured services which could take approximately 5-8 days.  Once it is determined what items can
be destroyed, per the guidelines of the Library of Virginia, shredding will begin by a company
from Lynchburg, Virginia.  The services to inventory are $20.00 per hour and the shredding is $7
per box.

Council Comment:
Mr. Tilton advised he was resigning from the Appomattox Town Council effective at the end of
the meeting tonight, August 23, 2022.  He sold his home and is moving to Lynchburg.

Mr. Boyce thanked Mr. Tilton for his willingness to serve.  A lot is taken for granted by serving
on Council.

Ms. Spiggle seconded Mr. Boyce’s comments.  Very few people are willing to serve.  It is a big
job to be dedicated to the community.  She expressed her happiness for what the future holds for
Mr. Tilton.

Mr. Garrett – none

Mr. Simpson stated he is glad to be back in Town and is excited for the retreat on Friday,
September 23, 2022.

Mrs. Puckette thanked Mr. Tilton for all he has done serving on Council.  She also thanked Mr.
McGhee for getting her up to speed.

Mayor Conner also expressed his thanks to Mr. Tilton for serving.  We will miss you.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Staff Reports:

Mr. Elder, Facilities Director informed Council the USDA sewer project should be complete by
September 29, 2022.  The contractor is currently working through the punch list.

Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer presented the financial report as of July 31, 2022.

Mr. McGhee, Town Manager updated the Town Council on the following items:

-

 The Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance reports a lease for space at the
Thomasville building has been signed.   A new option has opened for the business
owner.  He may be able to apply for an incentive from Appomattox County.  The
County requested permission from the Town before getting involved.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 23, 2022

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, the Council voted to offer in the
affirmative to allow Appomattox County to offer incentives for only Project Hanover at the
Thomasville property.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

It will be at least two (2) more weeks before releasing any information on the business.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Tilton, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:12 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

