118, Regular meeting - January 13, 1992 .

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, January 13, 1992, at 7:30 P.M with Mayor
Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, H. W. Conner,
Marvin Mitchell, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, and S. E. Carter.

Others present: Mark Glover, English Construction Company,
David Nash, James Amos, and Grey Nash, Nash Construction
Company, Bill Sherrod, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the Consent Agenda with one addition:

6. Handicapped Parking on Main Street; and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. David Nash, appeared before Council to request ten
connections to water and sewr for his trailers.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to approve the ten ‘connections to the Town's water
and sewer system provided the State Water Control Board
approves these. connections for the water and sewer capacity
with ten meters to be read separately but billed to David
Nash, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by S. E. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to grant a Conditional Use Permit to Fred Jones to
set up a temporary Concrete Batch Plant off State Route 24
for the duration of the Highway By~Pass Project, that the
materials will enter the site from Highway Route 24 and

the finished product will leave by Route 1012 going
northeast to the By-Pass.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

David Garrett, Superintendent of Public Works, presented
a report on water usuage. Council discussed this.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to deny the Conditional Use Permit to Mrs. Opal Parrish,
under Section 15-27 of the Town Code and all those

present voting aye. Motion carried.

