ref: reel_02_0235
date: 1949-10-17
content: Regular meeting of the Town Council on October 17, 1949, Mayor G. E. Buchanan presiding and the following members present, J. E. Jamerson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell and F. L. Murphy.

The deferred matter of the installation of Automatic Electrically controlled gates on the two Rail Road Crossing in the town was again discussed and explained by Mr. Jackson representing the N&W and on a motion by C. S. Jenkins and seconded by J. C. Caldwell a 100% vote in favor of the installation of said gates was cast adopting and approving the petition offered by the N&W.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins and seconded by F. L. Murphy the Mayor was authorized to accept and sign and order for Johns-Manville Transite Asbestos Cement pipe necessary for installation and connections of the new water tank and the proposed booster pump.

Minutes of last meeting read and approved as read.

After a lengthy discussion on a motion by C. S. Jenkins and seconded by F. L. Murphy and carried the Town Manager was instructed to immediately notify Mr. Robert L. Wooten that at the end of not more than 30 days from date of notice his employment with the town shall be terminated because of continued unsatisfactory service and attitude pertaining to his position with the Town, and that the Town Manager in his opinion employ a more suitable person for the position at a monthly salary of $130.00.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by J. E. Jamerson and carried, the purchase of an oil heater for $35.00 to replace the coal burning stove in the office was authorized.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by J. E. Jamerson and carried acceptance of Insurance policies offered by A. R. Harwood and J. A. Burke & Co. were authorized as follows:

A. R. Harwood policy for $2000.00 covering Water Department's Ice plant building, Herman-Carter's rental building and the Pump Station.

J. A. Burke & Co. policy for $1000.00 covering contents of above buildings belonging to the Town and the Water Dept.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins seconded by J. E. Jamerson and carried a proposed copy by C. S. Jenkins, of rules and regulations pertaining to services and collections of the Water Department was read and approved as an Ordinance to be published immediately and in effect after publication. (Copy attached)

On motion adjourned

G. E. Buchanan
Mayor

E. Carroll Smith
Clerk
chunk_id: 19719
record_id: 739
page_number: 1

