Page 2 of 2 14]

Council Minutes - October 13, 1992

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to approve the water and sewer connection for Henry
Wright for Retail Sales Outlet and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to approve one permanent trailer sewer connection /ViiJ/V
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council designated Fall Clean Up weeks as follows:
October 19 thru 23rd and October 26th thru Oct. 30, 1992.

On a motion by Mr. S. E. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to appoint Luke Paulette to the Appomattox
County Recreation Advisory Committee and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

Council authorized Mayor Spiggle to approach the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors about jointly purchasing a
chipper for disposal of limbs and brush.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted that in accordance with Section 2.1-344 of the State
Code to go into Executive Session to discuss the following:
Personnel, acquisition of real property for public purpose,
and also matters requiring legal advice by our Counsel.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Mitchell-aye
Lason-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to recess and reconvene into regular session and hereby
so state that the Executive Session was used to discuss only
previous items as specified in the above motion.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Mitchell-aye
Lawson-aye Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the
meeting recessed to reconvene on October 27, 1992, at
7230 2M.

Konak Cx 95(@ MAYOR

Ronald C. Spigdle

3 Sik ee CLERK
~ Bobbie H. MuNins
