4 grange erpmaicamet

Page 2 of 2
June:-8, 1992

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to approve

the Police Services Agreement between the Town and the County for two
years beginning July lst, and the method of payment as set forth
in the agreement.

Bass~aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to put

‘a Porta John at the Kiddie Park between April 15th to October 15,

1992, at $65.00 per month and cleaned once weekly and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.:

Mr. Carson reported his Committee has recommended to deny the request
for a Street lgithgon Patricia Anne Lane and install one on Route 460
at Moser Covington.

On a motion by mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to approve the installation of a Street lgith,on Route 460 at
Moser Covington’ residence and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to
request the Highway Department to surface treat the following Streets,
Winston Place, Route 1038, Pine Street T1042, and Jamerson Lane, T1014,
and bill the Town of Appomattox for Labor and materials.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to

advertise their intent to amend and re-enact Chapter 7, of the Town Code,

Garbage, Refuse, and Weeds, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to
unanimously adopt Resolutions to-Marvin Mitchell and Robert C. Hubbard,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried. (See attached copies)

131

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted that
in accordance with Section 2.1-344 of the State Code, to go into

Executive Session to discuss ‘Town Property, and all those present voting

aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to go
back into regular session and I, Bobbie Mullins, Clerk, certify that
Council only discussed Town Property and all those present voting aye.
Motion caried.

There being no further business to come before Council the meeting
adjourned.

Qevretah C. S. icf lon MAYOR
R. C. Spiggle

Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk

