ref: reel_02_0374
date: 1961-01-16
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on January 16, 1961 with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, Mrs. Calvin Robinson, H. B. Pack, Dr. S. R. Lawson, Ivey Holland and T. R. Gilbert.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. Lon Johnson met with Council regarding cutting of timber on town property, namely Annie Street. After discussion Council ask clerk to write Mr. Johnson requesting he pay the Town one-third (1/3) of the amount collected from the sale of wood.

Mr. J. C. Caldwell, Commissioner of Revenue, met with Council in regards to action taken by the 1960 session of the General Assembly on separate classification of boats and house trailers as tangible personal property.

The new sections read as follows:

58-629.2. All boats or water craft under five tons burden used for business or pleasure are hereby declared to be a separate class of property and shall constitute a classification for local taxation separate from other such classifications of tangible personal property provided in this chapter; provided, however, that the rate of assessment and the rate of tax shall not exceed that applicable to other classes of tangible personal property.

58-629.3. All vehicles with motive power, used or designed to be used as mobile homes or offices or for other means of habitation by any person, are hereby defined as separate items of taxation and shall constitute a classification for local taxation separate from other such classifications on tangible personal property provided in this chapter;
chunk_id: 19858
record_id: 878
page_number: 1

