ref: reel_02_0258
date: 1951-05-21
content: A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on May 21, 1951 with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: Chas. F. James, J. E. Jamerson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Galwdell, C. T. Moses, Jr. and F. C. Dresser. Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. A request by Mr. J. C. Davis that the town open the entrance to a street intersecting Anderson Mill Road between his property and that of Mrs. Pearl Trent, by a duly carried motion was referred to the street committee for final decision. A request by Mr. R. L. Burke, Sr. and Mr. J. C. Davidson acting for the Bank of Appomattox to purchase from the town a portion of land directly behind the present Bank of Appomattox property was acted upon as follows. On a motion by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. S. Jenkins and carried, the town may sell to the Bank of Appomattox, for the sum of one thousand dollars ($1000.00), a portion of land located directly behind the Bank of Appomattox building northeast to the rear southeast corner of Miss Emma Smith's building then southeast in line with the rear of Miss Emma Smith's building to a point not exceeding the line of the northeast side of the present Bank of Appomattox building then from this point to the northeast rear corner of the present Bank of Appomattox building. The town manager shall complete the transfer of property in a legal manner. On a motion by Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried the town treasurer shall pay to the proper authorities the sum of $200.00 to be applied to the local summer recreation program. On a motion adjourned.
chunk_id: 19742
record_id: 762
page_number: 1

