ref: reel_02_0253
date: 1950-11-20
content: A regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on November 20, 1950 with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present: Chas. F. James, J. E. Jameson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr. and F. C. Dresser.
Assistant Fire Chief Rotheg appeared before the Council to the needs of the Volunteer Fire Department with respect to equipment for the individual firemen. On a motion duly carried the matter was turned over to the Chairman of the Fire Committee for investigation and give his report at the next meeting of the Council.
Mr. Grover Smith representing the local P.T.A. was present to ask information as to what part the Town of Appomattox could or would take in placing several street lights on the Appomattox High School grounds. On a motion by Dr. Chas. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried Mr. Smith was informed to advise the P.T.A. that the Town would install the lights to be operated on the Town Street Lighting Circuit in the name of the Town but that the School Board must reimburse the Town for all costs and expenses incurred by installation and operation of said lights.
Mr. G. B. Lewis, Jr. of the local Health Department Office appeared with a delegation complaining of the conditions caused by the present location of the Town Dump, and recommending that it be moved. On a motion duly carried the matter was turned over the the Health and Ordinances Committee for investigation.
Minutes of the last meetings were read and approved as read.
The usual contract with VEPCO for Christmas light in the Town was approved.
After the reading of a letter from Dr. D. A. Christian, Sr. requesting that the Fire Alarm be removed from the old Water Tank on motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried relocating the Fire Alarm was authorized.
A request by policeman Mr. W. L. Mitchell to increase his salary and expense payments from $192.00 to $200.00 per month was approved.
A payment of $3.00 each to the firemen who participated in the Special Police duty on October 31, 1950 was authorized.
On a motion adjourned.
Signed G. B. Buchanan Mayor
G. B. Buchanan
Signed E. Carroll Smith Clerk
E. Carroll Smith
At the request of the Fire Committee a special meeting of the Town Council was called on December 7, 1950 for the purpose of purchasing Fire fighting equipment for the Firemen. Mayor G. B. Buchanan presided with the following members present: Chas. F. James, J. E. Jameson, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr. and F. C. Dresser.
On a motion duly carried the Town Manager was authorized to purchase ten coats, ten pairs of boots, ten helmets, two flashlights, six raincoats, twelve pairs of gloves, 100 feet of 2 1/2 inch hose and to erect a rack 4 feet wide and 50 feet in length for the purpose of drying the hose. Prices of the above equipment were to be secured from several sources before the order is placed.
On another motion duly carried the Mayor was authorized to have the Fire Alarm moved from the old water tank to the new one and to contact the local county jailer with reference to turning in the fire alarm in the event of fires.
On a motion adjourned.
G. B. Buchanan Mayor
E. Carroll Smith Clerk
chunk_id: 19737
record_id: 757
page_number: 1

