1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 25, 2020 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Jonathan D. Garrett, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, Paul D.
Harvey, Mary Lou Spiggle.

Absent:  Claudia G. Puckette.

Town Planning Commission present:  Linda Lipscomb, Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, and
Roger Carson.

Others present:  Don Wilk, Christy Torrence, Philipp Gabathuler, Megan Lucas, Michelle Payne,
Carlton Duck, Sarah Conner, Kim Ray, Treasurer, Gary Shanaberger, Manager and Roxanne
Casto, Clerk.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting including a public hearing with the
Appomattox Town Planning Commission.

Mr. Mitchell called the Planning Commission to order.

Mayor Conner stated the purpose of the public hearing.

The purpose of the joint public hearing is to consider adopting the Town of Appomattox
Comprehensive Plan.

The purpose of the Comprehensive Plan shall be “guiding and accomplishing a coordinated,
adjusted and harmonious development of the territory which will, in accordance with present and
probable future needs and resources, best promote the health, safety, morals, order, convenience,
prosperity and general welfare of the inhabitants” of the Town of Appomattox.

The full Comprehensive Plan may be examined at the Appomattox Municipal Building located at
210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia 24522 during normal business hours, Monday through
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.  Any person needing special accommodations should contact the
Town Office at 434-352-8268 no later than the close of business the day prior to the public
hearing.

Questions may be directed to Gary L. Shanaberger, Town Manager/Zoning Administrator at 434-
352-8268.

Mr. Shanaberger thanked the members of the Planning Commission and Mr. Gabathuler for their
hard work on this plan.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

Mr. Gabathuler stated that this process kicked off last summer.  In July we started off with the
survey process to gain a better understanding from citizens as they saw the Town’s Strengths,
Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats and then used this as a spring board to start the process
of this update.  The Central Virginia Planning District Commission completed the last
comprehensive plan for the Town which was the first written plan for the Town.  Prior to that the
Town was just included in the County’s Comprehensive Plan.

The purpose of the plan, other than the reason Mayor Conner expressed is, because it is state
mandated.  There is a very good reason for that.  Transportation funding is a huge part of why
the plan is maintained.  Some of the recommendations of the plan could possibly be funded by
one of the state’s sources.  The Town is currently applying for Smart Scale funding through the
Virginia Department of Transportation for the Lee Grant Avenue widening project.

Mr. Gabathuler thanked the Planning Commission members, Town staff and citizens for all their
efforts on the plan.  It is just a little later than expected due to COVID-19.  Mr. Gabathuler went
over the chapters of the plan and took questions at the end.

The Goals and Objectives were updated from 2015.  The Future Land Use Map is what the Town
is expected to look like in 20 years.  The Transportation portion is very important.  The
Community Facilities and Resources section is also very important.  What services are provided
for taxes paid.

Councilman Simpson asked if there was any movement in the House on the Trans Dominion
Express?  Mr. Gabathuler responded that the last he saw there was a map of it, and it is in the
works.  It depends a lot of how much transient funding is available.  There appears to be more
focus on bus routes at the state level.

Councilwoman Spiggle stated the community responses were good.  Mr. Gabathuler and Mr.
Shanaberger were mainly responsible for those.  I know you worked hard on it.  It is important.

Public Comments:

Don Wilk – 1848 Church Street – My wife and I own the venue at 1848 Church Street.  Our
company is called Church & Main.  We call it a family business ministry restoring to the family
the responsibilities God has given us.  I just want to make a few comments regarding the plan.
Speaking to the purpose, participants, the property, promoting of health, safety, morals, order,
convenience, prosperity and general welfare of our town, citizens and families is a good thing.
Our belief is that this is primarily the responsibility of the family.  So, my focus and my wife’s
focus is going to be with families.  The participants of the plan, people responded to the survey
that they are content and happy here and that’s a good thing.  How do we make changes or move
forward if the people like it the way it is?

I would encourage everyone here and myself included to work within our families to become
more involved in the day to day activities of living here.  There is a part in there about the land

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

use – We believe the earth is the Lord’s – I would encourage families and Council to work
towards no tax on that land and restoring to the family that responsibility.  One of the things we
really like about this area is the multi-generational aspect of people are still here.  They don’t up
and leave.  Regardless of whether they are out on farmland or in town, they are still here and
that’s the way it is supposed to be.  That speaks to exercising dominion.  Thank you.

There were no other public comments.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Mr. Mitchell adjourned the Planning Commission meeting.

Councilman Harvey requested the addition of items under the discussion portion of the agenda:
1 – Whether the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce will be allowed to move into the
depot.
2 – A discussion of ideas for the skateboarders.

Discussion Items:
Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance:
Megan Lucas, CEO, Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance appeared before Council to provide
an update on the Regional Chamber of Commerce and Economic Development office.  The
Chamber side is an advocacy for business and the Economic Development side is responsible for
growing companies and why they should come into the region.  The Economic Development
side is funded in two keyways – a capital campaign directed to the private sector.  At the same
time, each year we ally with our municipal partners.  These municipalities that want to be a part
of this initiative pay $1.25/capita.  The Economic Development Director in each locality, which
participates, meets monthly and that is the group the alliance works with.  Mrs. Lucas explained
an overview of the process of how the Business Alliance fulfills requests for proposals for
information on property within the locality. The core responsibility of the Alliance is to create
jobs for the region.

The Town was a former investor in the former Region 2000 Economic Development
organization from 2012-2016.  In 2016, the Town chose to no longer be an investor.  The fees
are based on $1.25/capita.  We market and showcase the region, the entire region.  The
difference between being an investor and a municipality is when we get prospects through VEDP
(Virginia Economic Development Partnership) we share them with everyone but when I travel
across the country with site consultants, those dollars are sued for that and when we generate
interest and leads the people that get those leads are the partners.  With that said, if I am meeting
with a client and you have what they need, that is not neglected.  We realize that the core is jobs
and capital investments.

The Town of Amherst, Amherst County, City of Lynchburg, Campbell County, Town of
Altavista and Bedford County are members of the Business Alliance.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

Mrs. Lucas explained that the lack of pad ready sites in the region is the biggest hurdle in getting
businesses to locate in Central Virginia.

Council thanked Mrs. Lucas for the update.

Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce:
Councilman Harvey stated that the Town owes the Chamber of Commerce a response to their
request to occupy office space in the Visitor’s Center.  After discussion, Mr. Harvey said he
would convey the concerns to deny the request to Mr. Redding, President of the Chamber.

Skateboarding Ideas:
Councilman Harvey said one idea pitched to him was to allow skateboarding on Harrell Street
and Main Street at night.  Mr. Harvey agrees this idea needs to go through a committee.

Action Items:
Councilman J. Garrett requested staff explore the current FY 2021 budget to fund the Town’s
portion of the dues to join the Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance.  Mr. Shanaberger
recommended requesting the Town’s EDA to pay the membership dues on behalf of the Town.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to instruct the Town
EDA to pay the FY 2021 dues to the Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance.  Vote:  J. Garrett –
yes, N. Simpson – yes, T. Garrett – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, P. Harvey – no.  Motion carried 4-1.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. N. Simpson, Council voted to advertise for two
weeks the Council vacancy being created by Jonathan Garrett’s resignation.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Council Comments:
Mrs. Spiggle expressed her condolences to the family of Dr. Larry Smith.

Mayor Conner reported that he has formed a committee to study the skateboarding issue and see
what opportunities are available.  Members will be Paul Harvey and Nathan Simpson from
Council, 2 other community members selected by Mr. Harvey and Mr. Simpson, possibly Laura
Dawson and Elizabeth Milton.  Richard Conner will serve as an ex-officio member.  The purpose
of the committee will be exploring solutions to skateboarding in Town.

Mayor Conner will contact the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors to see if they have board
members willing to serve.

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for July 2020.  The financial
conversion took 60 days for taxes (real estate, personal property) and utility billing.  Pre-audit
work will begin tomorrow.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on fireworks for July 2021.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to fund fireworks on
July 3, 2021 with a budget of $10,000.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

The Smart Scale Grant application has been submitted to VDOT.  Council will need to pass a
resolution at the September 14, 2020 Council meeting.

COVID-19 training has been completed and staff is making a good faith effort to adhere to the
guidelines.

The Virginia Municipal League conference is virtual October 7 and 8, 2020.

Closed Session
On a motion by Council Member P. Harvey, seconded by Council Member J. Garrett,  Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds
where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest
of the governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion of the
possible purchase of a small parcel of real property located in the Town of Appomattox.

Vote:
J. Garrett – yes, P. Harvey – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, N. Simpson – yes.
Puckette – absent.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member N. Simpson and Council by the following
recorded vote adopted the motion:

6  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
August 25, 2020

J. Garrett – yes, P. Harvey – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, N. Simpson – yes.
Puckette – absent.   Motion carried 5-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

_______________________________
Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

________________________________
Richard C. Conner, Mayor

