1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 24, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, April 24, 2012 at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, and Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others present:  Gerald and Sandy Wilbun, Stephanie James, Carlton Duck and Alive TV
Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie,
Interim Town Manager; Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mr. Gillespie provided a detailed power point presentation on the proposed FY 2013
Budget including Water and Sewer Rates.

Mayor Harvey read the Arbor Day Proclamation:
WHEREAS, Arbor Day has been observed throughout Virginia and the Nation for more
than 120 years, and

WHEREAS, trees provide many benefits to the community, including clean air,
windbreaks, noise reduction shade, and energy savings, and

WHEREAS, planting and maintaining trees provides opportunities for community
interaction, volunteerism, economic development, and environmental conservation, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees
provide habitat for birds, and

WHEREAS, trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business
areas, and beautify communities, and

WHEREAS, trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration, and

WHEREAS, the last Friday in April of each year is designated by the Virginia General
Assembly as Arbor Day in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby
proclaim the 27th day of April, 2012 as our Fourth Annual Arbor Day.

Mayor Harvey also read the Week of the Young Child Proclamation:
Whereas, the Appomattox Literacy Intervention Program, in conjunction with the
National Association for the Education of Young Children, are celebrating the Week of
the Young Child on April 28 2012; and

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 24, 2012

Whereas, these organizations are working to improve early learning opportunities,
including early literacy programs, that can provide a foundation of learning for children
in Appomattox, Virginia and

Whereas, teachers and others who make a difference in the lives of young children in
Appomattox, Virginia deserve thanks and recognition; and

Whereas, public policies that support early learning for all young children are crucial to
young children’s futures;

I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby proclaim April 28, 2012 as
the Day of the Young Child in Appomattox and encourage all citizens to work to make a
good investment in early childhood in Appomattox, Virginia.

Mr. Elder and Mr. Gillespie updated Council on the Smoke Testing of the Sewer System.
Service lines, storm drains and broken laterals are catching a lot of water. The Town
thanks all the customers for their cooperation.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – Discussed paying for the installation of backflow devices for some
businesses provided they are willing to pay for the devices and equipment.  The
committee also discussed the proposed FY 2013.

Physical Development – The Committee discussed the proposed FY 2013 Budget and
blighted properties.

Staff Updates
Town Manager – None at this time.

Treasurer – None at this time.

Clerk of Council – Reminded Council of the VML Town Section on Friday, May 25,
2012 in Farmville, Virginia.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the
Code of Virginia (1950), as amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of
the investment of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved, where, if
made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental unit would be adversely
affected, specifically for the purpose of investing in the development and construction of
utility infrastructure within properties not controlled by the Town of Appomattox.
Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett
– aye.  Motion carried.

3  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 24, 2012

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the best
of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.
Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett
– aye.  Motion carried.

Council Concerns

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adjourn at 8:35 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

