ref: reel_03_0062
date: 1975-09-24
content: Fire Committee

A meeting of the Fire Committee was held on Wednesday, September 24, 1975 at 5:00 o'clock P.M.

Those present were M. J. House, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, and W. S. Slagle.

The purpose of the meeting was to review the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department By-Laws specifically as they relate to the procedure for removal of delinquent members.

After studying the attendance roster it was the consensus of the Committee that there appeared to be a more deep seated problem and that further study was necessary.

On a motion by Conner seconded by Guill the Fire Committee elected to hold a meeting with the officers of the Fire Department to discuss the matter further.

The specific problem of how to deal with delinquent members was held in abeyance.

Chairman Marvin J. House, Jr.

Water Committee

A meeting of the Water Committee was held on Wednesday, September 24, 1975 at 8:00 o'clock P.M.

Those present were R. C. Hubbard, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, R. C. Spiggle, H. B. Pack, and W. S. Slagle.

The purpose of the meeting was to consider an alternate request from D. S. Nash to extend water service to his proposed mobile home park by setting a 2 inch meter at the end of the existing line and running a 2 inch plastic line to the proposed mobile home park.

The Committee recommended approval of this request with the understanding that it must meet the requirements of the B.O.C.A. plumbing code and that under no circumstances would such 2 inch line be accepted into the Town system.

The committee, however, went on record as highly recommending that the 8 inch cast iron pipe be carried up the access street to the point that the mobile home park road intersects with it. In the event that this 8 inch line is installed the Town is intending to pay the difference between the 6 inch and the 8 inch line.

Chairman Mrs. Robinson
chunk_id: 20273
record_id: 1293
page_number: 1

