ref: reel_03_0061
date: 1975-09-19
content: Building and Property Committee

A meeting of the Building and Property Committee was held on Friday, September 19, 1975 at 7:30 P.M.

Those present were R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, and T. E. Conner. R. C. Hubbard had been appointed by Mayor Pack to substitute for Mr. Guill who could not attend.

Also present were W. S. Slagle and Mayor H. B. Pack.

The purpose of the meeting was to consider an offer by First Piedmont Corporation to sell one complete garbage unit (body and chassis) in accordance with letter dated September 15, 1975 from Mr. Ben J. Davenport, Jr. president.

A motion was made by Hubbard seconded by House to recommend that the Appomattox Town Council accept the offer as per the above referenced letter.

Signed T. E. Conner Chairman

Water Committee

A meeting of the Water Committee was held on Friday, September 19, 1975 at 8:00 P.M.

Those members present were R. C. Spiggle, R. C. Hubbard, and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The purpose of the meeting was to review information regarding the use of P.V.C. pipe in lieu of the previously accepted materials to extend water service to a proposed mobile home park by Mr. D. S. Nash.

Information presented specified that before being acceptable for use in extending water lines in which fire protection were an intergral part of the design that P.V.C. with S.D.R. ratio of 17 or lower must be used in order to comply with the Fire Underwriters standards.

In view of the above and that no financial savings would result in the use of P.V.C. with SDR of 17 or less when compared to the generally accepted materials it was the consensus of the committed that justification did not exist to approve alternate materials.

Motion was made by Hubbard seconded by Spiggle that the Water Committee recommend to the Appomattox Town Council that the use of P.V.C. be denied. Motion carried.

Signed Mrs. Robinson Chairman
chunk_id: 20272
record_id: 1292
page_number: 1

