ref: reel_02_0575
date: 1970-11-16
content: The regular meeting of the Town Council was held in the Council Room on November 16, 1970, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: Mrs. Calvin Robinson, T. E. Conner, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, R. C. Hubbard, and Martin Webb.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. T. E. Pittman, Resident Engineer, explained the problems of right-of-way and traffic detour that will be affected by building a new bridge on Ferguson Street.

Holland moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that the Council approve of detouring the traffic during the bridge construction. Motion carried.

Holland moved and Guill seconded that the Highway Department be requested to obtain the right-of-way for the widening of Ferguson Street from Morton Lane to Lee-Grant Avenue. Motion carried.

Hubbard announced that the Moses Motor Co., Inc. has been awarded the contract to furnish a Chevrolet Truck for the garbage truck.

Webb reported that his committee is investigating fire trucks.

Webb was instructed to make arrangements for the Annual Fireman's Supper.

The request of Mr. R. A. Sears for the Town to pay for cleaning his septic tank was refused.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Holland seconded that VEPCO be requested to service the Christmas lights. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson moved and Conner seconded that the Appomattox County Planning Commission be requested to make a recommendation on changing the definition of a subdivision and the width of streets that may need widening. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson, Hubbard, and Mrs. Stimpson were requested to draw up resolutions of appreciation for services rendered to the Town by Mrs. Ruby Clark, a member of the Appomattox County Planning Commission, who died today.

Meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20045
record_id: 1065
page_number: 1

