1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 21, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Monday, September 21,
2020 at 7:45 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council members present were Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A.
Simpson (via phone), and Claudia G. Puckette (via phone).  Absent: Paul D. Harvey.

Staff present were Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger; and Clerk of Council, Roxanne Casto.

Mayor Conner called the Special Call meeting to order by reading the purpose of the meeting:
Consideration of a Closed Session, Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion of prospective candidates for appointment for the council
vacancy created by the resignation of Councilman Jonathan D. Garrett on August 27, 2020.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to convene in closed
session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A)1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of
discussion of prospective candidates for appointment for the council vacancy created by the
resignation of Councilman Jonathan D. Garrett on August 27, 2020.

Vote:
Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette-aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Ms. Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Mr. Simpson and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:
Vote:
Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette-aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 21, 2020

Action:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to appoint Aaron Tilton
to fill the unexpired term of Mr. Jonathan D. Garrett until the next Town Council General
Election of May 3, 2022.

Roll Call Vote:
Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette-aye.  Motion carried 4-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 8:00 p.m.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 4-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

