1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, September 29, 2020 at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Town Council members present:  Aaron Tilton, Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, Nathan
A. Simpson (via phone), Paul D. Harvey and Claudia G. Puckette (via phone).

Staff members present:  Christy Torrence, Jeff Elder (via phone), Kim Ray, Gary Shanaberger
and Roxanne Casto (via phone).

Planning Commission members present:  Marvin Mitchell, Roger Carson, Linda Lipscomb.

Mayor Conner called the meeting order.

Joint Public Hearing - Mixed-Use Ordinance
Mayor Conner opened the joint public hearing for the Town Council.  Mr. Mitchell, Chairman of
the Planning Commission opened the joint public hearing for the Planning Commission.

The purpose of this joint public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning adoption
by the Town Council of:

AN ORDINANCE TO REVISE a portion of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, in Chapter
195, Article VII “Business District, Less Intense Use, General, B-1” and Article VIII “B-2
Business District.”

Mr. Shanaberger provided an overview of the draft ordinance.

Public Comments:
Mr. Bill Jamerson spoke in favor of the change to the ordinance but expressed concerns of the
square footage.  The ordinance is worth considering for adoption.

Mr. Gary Mantiply spoke on behalf of the Poole family that owns the building where US
Cellular is located.  Basically, the assessment values this year increased, and we would like to
utilize all the space of our building.  This ordinance will definitely improve our options.  The are
in support of this as well.

Mr. Bill Collins, Citizens Bank, Blackstone, Virginia owns the property at 1850 Church Street.
The building is 21,000 square feet and they recently spent $53,000 on a roof.  The more
opportunities we have in the Town, the more successful we will be in occupying the building.
They were very successful in locating businesses in spaces they have owned.  As the owner, we
support the ordinance change.

Questions from Council – None

Questions from the Planning Commission – None

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

Mayor Conner closed the joint public hearing.  Mr. Mitchell, Chairman of the Planning
Commission also closed the joint public hearing.

Public Hearing - 2nd hearing for CDBG Church Street Waterline Replacement Project
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:
The purpose of the hearing is to solicit input on the proposed Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) proposal to be submitted to the Virginia Department of Housing and Community
Development for the Appomattox Church Street Waterline Replacement Project.  Residents and
owners of properties in the project area are encouraged to attend.  The Appomattox Church
Street Waterline Replacement Project proposal will include the following activities:
Replacement of approximately 6,225 linear feet of 4” water line with 8” water line, including fire
hydrants in entire project area,  within the rights-of-way of Church Street, Confederate
Boulevard, Red House Road, and Morris Avenue.  The alignments are within existing rights-of-
way and are routed to avoid existing utilities, sidewalks, etc. as much as possible.

Project area information, maps, and cost estimates will be presented for comment along with
information on projected beneficiaries including Low-to-Moderate income residents.  A detailed
fact sheet presenting the key activities and benefits of the project will be presented for comment
at the hearing.  Citizens will also be given the opportunity to comment on the Town of
Appomattox’s past use of CDBG funds.

Mr. Shanaberger, Town Manager and Ms. Jessica Littlejohn with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. provided
an overview of the project.

There were no questions from the Town Council.  There were no public comments during this
public hearing.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Discussion/Consideration items:

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

A RESOLUTION FOR APPLICATION TO THE VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FOR THE CHURCH STREET WA TERLJNE REPLACEMENT
PROJECT

WHEREAS, pursuant to two public hearings, The Town of Appomattox (Town) wishes to apply
for $650,000 of Virginia Community Development Block Grant funds for the Church Street
Water Line Replacement (Project).

WHEREAS, the Town has committed $184,983 toward the Project for Engineering Services and
the Town intends to apply for the remainder of the required funding ($1 ,421 ,482) as a grant
from the USDA Rural Development.

3  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

WHEREAS, it is projected that 2,080 beneficiaries (persons within the Town of Appomattox) will
result from the implementation of this project, of which 1,145 will be low-and moderate-income
persons.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager is hereby
authorized to sign and submit the appropriate documents for the Community Development Block
Grant Application, as well as, all appropriate documents associated with the implementation of
the Project; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the project will provide safe, adequate, and reliable drinking
water for the Town.

Adopted the _____________, 2020.

By:  Richard C. Conner, Mayor

ATTEST:
By:   Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk

All Council members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

AMENDMENT TO THE APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN
COUNCIL ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2020-2021 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VA.

Amend Section IV:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle situses
within the Town commencing January 1, 2020, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 60.00% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 60.00% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use vehicles,
farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax relief under
this program.

Attest:

4  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

_______________________________
Roxanne W. Casto, MMC, Town Clerk

_______________
Date

Roll Call Vote:  Tilton – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Harvey – aye, Puckette – aye,
Simpson – aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE ROUTE FR-1013 BE ABANDONDED FROM THE
STATE SYSTEM OF PRIMARY ROADS

Whereas, PURSUANT TO Section 33.2-902 Code of Virginia, the Commissioner of the Virginia
Department of Transportation has provided this Board with its notice to abandon from the
primary System of State Highways a 0.02 mile section of Route FR-1013 located in the
Courthouse voting district, as described on the attached form, fully incorporated by reference,
are shown on plats recorded in the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County,
and

WHEREAS, the Resident Administrator for the Virginia Department of Transportation has
advised the Council that the abandonment of FR-1013 only serves one property owner, and is a
portion of Right -Of-Way in the State System of Primary Roads and

WHEREAS, the Council opened up at least Thirty (30) day period of review on July 22, 2020 for
the public to determine if a public necessity exists, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Council supports Virginia Department of
Transportation proving no public necessity exists to abandon FR-1013, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Council supports Virginia Department of
Transportation’s action to abandon from the Primary System of the State Highways FR-1013
pursuant to section 33.2-902 of the Code of Virginia, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copied of the resolution be forwarded to the
Resident Administration for the Virginia Department of Transportation.

All Council members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the following
budget amendment:

5  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2021 Operating Budget for the

General Fund for FY 2020-2021 for carry forward of funding on incomplete projects from
FY2020.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

3.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2021 Operating Budget for the General Fund.

General Fund Expenditures
10-5300-4150
Net Increase in Budget

Contracted Services                         4,568.00
           $        4,568.00

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

$       4,568.00
$       4,568.00

SECTION XIII:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2021 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2020.

Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  Tilton – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Harvey – aye, Puckette – aye,
Simpson – aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mr. Simpson inquired about Town WI-FI coverage.  The Coronavirus has affected a lot of us and
would like to know more about the cost feasibility of moving forward with this initiative.  Mr.
Shanaberger said staff could begin working on this item in January or February.  Mr. Harvey will
reach out to Appomattox County and find out the status of County coverage.  Mr. Simpson
suggested possibly an information workshop meeting with the school as well.

Mr. Simpson inquired about the status of the Architectural Review of the Train Depot.  What are
the major repair issues, what are the cost estimates?  Mr. Harvey agreed with Mr. Simpson.  Mrs.
Puckette stated that the Town’s auditors have cautioned the Town of how/when to move forward
regarding overspending.  The Town has pending financial obligations that should be considered
before obligating potential debt for the depot repairs.

6  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

Council comments:
Council thanked staff for all the hard work being performed on the grant applications and current
projects.

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Ray provided the Treasurer’s Report for August 2020 and an update on the financial
conversion process.

Mr. Shanaberger – none

Mr. Elder – none

Mrs. Casto – none

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted to
adjourn at 7:00 p.m.  All present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

