1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 16, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Wednesday, September
16, 2020 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council members present were Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Nathan A.
Simpson, Paul D. Harvey and Claudia G. Puckette (via phone).

Others present were Michelle Payne, Don Wilk, Jim Boyce, Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.,
Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Conner called the Special Call meeting to order by reading the purpose of the meeting:
The purpose of the meeting is:

•  Public Hearing:

The purpose of the hearing is to solicit input on the proposed Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) proposal to be submitted to the Virginia
Department of Housing and Community Development for the Appomattox
Church Street Waterline Replacement Project.  Residents and owners of
properties in the project area are encouraged to attend.  The Appomattox Church
Street Waterline Replacement Project proposal will include the following
activities:  Replacement of approximately 6,225 linear feet of 4” water line with
8” water line, including fire hydrants in entire project area,  within the rights-of-
way of Church Street, Confederate Boulevard, Red House Road, and Morris
Avenue.  The alignments are within existing rights-of-way and are routed to avoid
existing utilities, sidewalks, etc. as much as possible.

A detailed fact sheet presenting the key activities and benefits of the project will
be presented for comment at the hearing.  Citizens will also be given the
opportunity to comment on the Town of Appomattox’s past use of CDBG funds.

•  Consideration of a Closed Session, Pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia,

1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of prospective candidates for
appointment for the council vacancy created by the resignation of Councilman Jonathan
D. Garrett on August 27, 2020.

•  Closed Session Certification
•  Consideration of action from the Closed Session
•  Adjournment

Public Hearing
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:
The purpose of the hearing is to solicit input on the proposed Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) proposal to be submitted to the Virginia Department of Housing and Community
Development for the Appomattox Church Street Waterline Replacement Project.  Residents and
owners of properties in the project area are encouraged to attend.  The Appomattox Church

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 16, 2020

Street Waterline Replacement Project proposal will include the following activities:
Replacement of approximately 6,225 linear feet of 4” water line with 8” water line, including fire
hydrants in entire project area,  within the rights-of-way of Church Street, Confederate
Boulevard, Red House Road, and Morris Avenue.  The alignments are within existing rights-of-
way and are routed to avoid existing utilities, sidewalks, etc. as much as possible.

Presentation:
Mr. Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. provided an overview of the Church Street Waterline
Replacement Project.

PROJECT TITLE:  Appomattox Church Street Waterline Replacement Project

PROJECT GRANTEE:

Town of Appomattox
210 Linden Street
Appomattox, Virginia
434-352-8268

AVAILABLE PROGRAM FUNDING:
The Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) Construction-Ready Water and Sewer Fund (CRWSF) program
supports the construction of community facility projects providing public water or sewer service
to communities made up of at least 60 percent low- to moderate-income (LMI) households or a
locality-wide project serving at least 55 percent LMI households.  Appomattox is designated as
an LMI community in HUD's definition at approximately 55% so it qualifies to participate in this
program.  The maximum amount of grant that can be requested under this program is $650,000.

AVAILABLE PROGRAM ACTIVITIES:
CDBG assistance for community facilities is targeted to projects involving water and wastewater
improvements.

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
The Appomattox Church Street Waterline Replacement Project proposal will include the
following activities:  Replacement of approximately 6,225 linear feet of 4” water line with 8”
water line, including fire hydrants in entire project area,  within the rights-of-way of Church
Street, Confederate Boulevard, Red House Road, and Morris Avenue.  The alignments are within
existing rights-of-way and are routed to avoid existing utilities, sidewalks, etc. as much as
possible.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 16, 2020

PROJECT BENEFITS:
The project provides the following benefits:

•  Eliminating dead end water line routes

o  Dead ends could cause water quality issues (do not currently have any)
o  Provide redundancy in the system in case of water line breaks/outages
o  Provides better system pressures (meet VDH regulations) during high water flow

conditions, including during fire flow events

•  Existing water line has reached its life expectancy

o  Interior pipe size reduced due to tuberculation
o  Tuberculation causes water line capacity issues
o  Tuberculation can cause water quality issues (none at this time)

CDBG OUTPUT/OUTCOME:

•  Provision of safe, adequate, and reliable drinking water for the Town

TOWN’S PAST/OTHER USE OF CDBG FUNDS:
$30,000 Planning Grant - Greater Meadowlark Community Improvement Project
$1,000,000 Construction Grant - Greater Meadowlark Community Improvement Project
$35,000 Planning Grant – Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project
$700,000 Construction Grant - Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project

Public Comments:
Mr. Jim Boyce – 177 Cawthorne Street – Will additional fire hydrants be installed along the
route and what type of waterline pipe will be used?

Mr. Johnson responded to the hydrant placement criteria of the project and that ductile and PVC
pipe would be priced for the project.

Mr. Don Wilk – 1848 Church Street – Will the pressure be increased into the property and how
will the increased pressure be handled?

Mr. Elder explained the change in line size from a 4” to an 8” line and if pressure increases
above 80 psi, the Town will install pressure reducing units at those locations.

There were no other comments.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
September 16, 2020

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mr. Harvey, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to convene in closed
session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A)1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of
discussion of prospective candidates for appointment for the council vacancy created by the
resignation of Councilman Jonathan D. Garrett on August 27, 2020.

Vote:
Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette-aye, Harvey – aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Ms. Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Mr. T. Garrett and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:
Vote:
Spiggle-aye, T. Garrett-aye, Simpson – aye, Puckette-aye, Harvey – aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn the meeting.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

