1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council met for Public Hearing and Workshop meeting on Tuesday,
June 28, 2022 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson, Mary Lou G. Spiggle, and Aaron M. Tilton.

Others:  Robin Snyder, Sharon Walker, Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town
Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:
The Appomattox Town Council will hold a public hearing on Tuesday, June 28, 2022 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
  Amendment to the FY 2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-
2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget amendment by the
Town of Appomattox for FY 2022:

General Fund Expenditures Amendments
Water Fund Expenditures Amendments
Sewer Fund Expenditures Amendments
Total Expenditures Amendments

General Fund Revenue Amendments
Water Fund Revenue Amendments
Sewer Fund Revenue Amendments
Total Revenue Amendments

25,800.00
5,361.00
7,335.00
38,496.00

25,800.00
 5,361.00
7,335.00
38,496.00

Documentation is available at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Town Office, 210 Linden
Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If there are any questions,
please contact R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

Staff presentations – Mrs. Ray, Treasurer explained the purpose of the amendment.
Public comments – none
Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Appearances:
Robin Snyder, Superintendent, Appomattox Court House National Park appeared before Council
to provide an update on the sewer system replacement project being nearly complete.  She also
thanked them for the professional and personal support of her since returning to Appomattox in

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2022

2015.  She will be leaving soon for a position at the Cape Hatteras National Park Service in
North Carolina.
Council thanked Robin for all she has done during her time at the park, stating she will be
missed.

Discussion Items:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2022 Operating Budget for the General
Fund, Water Fund, and Sewer Fund for an increase received from the Virginia Department of
Fire Programs, Litter Grant from Appomattox County, balance to BB&T settlement,
increased cost of financial analysis report, trash can refund, DHCD Utility Grant proceeds.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

3.   NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2022 Operating Budget for the General Fund, Water Fund, and Sewer Fund.
General Fund Expenditures
10-4100-9030
10-4200-7410
10-4600-9060
10-4800-6201
10-4800-6300
Net Increase in Budget

BB&T Settlement
Audit/Accounting
Fire Programs
Trash can refund
Litter Grant

2,065.00
15,939.00
5,000.00
1,400.00
1,396.00
25,800.00

$
$
$
$
$
$

General Fund Revenues
10-3605-0000
10-3610-0000
10-3811-0000
10-3901-0000
Net Increase in Budget

Fire Programs
Trash Cans
Litter Grant
Use of Undesignated Reserve

Water Fund Expenditures
30-6000-6150
Net Increase in Budget

DHCD Utility Grant Proceeds

Water Fund Revenues
30-3802-0000
Net Increase in Budget

DHCD Utility Grant Proceeds

Sewer Fund Expenditures
31-7000-6159

DHCD Utility Grant Proceeds

$
$
$
$
$

$
$

$
$

$

5,000.00
1,200.00
1,396.00
18,204.00
25,800.00

5,361.00
5,361.00

5,361.00
5,361.00

7,335.00

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2022

Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Fund Revenues
31-7000-6159
Net Increase in Budget

DHCD Utility Grant Proceeds

$

$
$

7,335.00

7,335.00
7,335.00

SECTION XIII:  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox,
Virginia that the Fiscal Year 2022 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies
necessary to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and
maintained as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of
Appomattox, Virginia.

Amended this ____ day of ______ 2022.

Attest:
_____________________________________
Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Tilton
– yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to terminate the Water
Tank Maintenance Contracts for 1187 Patricia Anne Lane and 899 Tower Hill Road and
authorized three (3) council members – Mrs. Puckette, Ms. Spiggle, and Mr. Garrett to sign the
letters.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Council Comment:
Mrs. Puckette – none

Mr. Tilton – none

Mr. Simpson received an email from Mrs. Abbitt concerning a sign on Court Street and Main
Street being a violation of the sign ordinance.  Mr. Simpson would like to have the Town
Attorney review/research if the Town can suspend/revoke a business license or what language
could be added to the Town Code to enable Council to suspend/revoke a Business License.
Lastly, Mr. Simpson has been approached by a resident who would like to build a separate
structure and rent it out in the R-2 zone as an Airbnb.

Mr. Boyce is concerned of setting a precedence of signage on Town property.

Mr. Simpson may add the item to the July 11 agenda.  Can the Town check the corner lot
boundaries for political signs being posted?

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2022

Mr. Garrett reminded everyone of the July 2 fireworks near the Appomattox County High
School.  The Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department will be having a fireman’s competition and
Liberty Baptist Church is hosting a BMX demonstration.

Ms. Spiggle said she had the same reminder of those events.

Mr. Boyce freedom is not free.  Encourages the support of veterans and for those that did not
come back.

Mayor Conner hopes everyone has a safe and prosperous 4th of July.  Encourages the community
to be safe.

Staff Reports:
Mr. Elder – provided a Power Point presentation of photographs of the current updates at the
Trickling Filter Plant.  Council thanked Jeff for the information.

Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer presented the financial report as of May 31, 2022.  The Trickling
Filter Plant while it is nearly complete it is “still on the paperwork.”  Upcoming projects include:

- Only July 1, 2022 the Town will implement the final rate increase identified.
- A paperless billing option may be available with the August billing.
- Tax preparation has begun for the 2022 Real Estate and Personal Property taxes.
- Staff will begin working with firms on the June 30, 2022 audit for the Town.

Mr. Simpson inquired about funding options for future CIP projects.  Should the Town consider
a bond sale vs. traditional loans.

Mrs. Ray suggests asking Davenport for their advice.

Council gave consensus for Public Works to move forward with the engineering plans for
Redfield Road and Lee Grant Avenue from ARPA funding.

Mr. McGhee, Town Manager updated the Town Council on the following items:

-  Staff will be converting to a web-based calendar system near the end of July.
-  Dominion Energy (Power) has identified 260 streetlights and 40 with LED lights.  He

will have more information next month.

-  The tall grass has been mowed on Annie Street.
-  The LED lights for Old Courthouse Road have been chosen.
-  Three (3) business referrals have been received from Appomattox County.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 28, 2022

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 7:35 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

