1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, June 13, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson (via phone), Mary Lou G. Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.

Others:  Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Carlton Duck, Rob Fowler, Zoning Administrator; Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Summertime has come in with a vengeance.  Congratulations to the Appomattox County High
School softball and baseball teams on winning the 2C State Championship over the weekend.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and stated the purpose:

The Appomattox Town Council will consider the recommendations of the Planning Commission
with respect to the above-described AN ORDINANCE TO REVISE Chapter 117 of the Code of
the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 117, Section 117-29 thereof, entitled “Standards for
Residential Chicken Keeping”.  The Town Council will have said ordinance proposed to it for
passage and will hold a public hearing thereon, pursuant to the same statutory authority.

The  entire  text  of  the  above-noted  revision  is  on  file  in  the  Town  Office,  210  Linden  Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, and can be examined there between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.
Monday through Friday.

Mr. Fowler, Zoning Administrator explained the purpose of the proposed change to remove “The
property shall be 30,000 square feet or greater in size”.  Rarely will residential property owners in
the Town have this minimum amount of property.  The 30,000 square foot requirement makes it
difficult  for  most  residential  property  to  have  chickens.    It  is  likely  when  Council  adopted  the
ordinance originally this square footage requirement was overlooked.  This amendment will “clean
up” the ordinance.

There were no public comments.

Mayor Conner closed the hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Robin Synder will be present at the June 28, 2022 Workshop meeting.

Carver Price withdrew their request at this time.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to accept the consent
agenda as presented for June 13, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt An
Appropriations Resolution of the Appomattox Town Council adopting the Fiscal Year 2022-
2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox:

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL
ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2022-2023 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of Virginia,
require that the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for the budget year no
later than the date on which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2022-2023 Budget was published on May 4, 2022 and
May 11, 2022 in the Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506,
Code of Virginia, and public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on Tuesday,
May 24, 2022;

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in a
Regular Council Meeting on Monday, June 13, 2022, does hereby approve the following General
Fund Expenditures by Category for Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative Department
Professional
Police Department
Tourism Department
Fire Department
Public Works Department

60,915.
580,880.
150,000.
125,775.
80,060.
46,000.
1,037,929.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

Sanitation Department
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Donation/Contributions
Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

150,000.
508,700.
36,800.
25,000.
 57,850.
34,500.
2,894,409.

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the
property tax rate at $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.45 per $100.00 of
assessed value for personal property, $.45 per $100.00 of assessed value for machinery and tools,
and $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2022, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 56.25% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 56.25% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Public Service Corporation
Bank Stock Tax
Cigarette Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Franchise Tax
Consumption Tax

165,000.
 85,000.
1,000.
5,000.
7,000.
 190,000.
140,000.
1,200,000.
65,000.
500.
6,000.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Communications Tax
Zoning
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Rolling Stock Tax
Sales Tax
Aid to Police Department (HB599)
Fire Programs
Personal Prop Tax Relief Act State Funds
Visitor Center
Mobile Home Titling Tax
Trash Can Fees
Miscellaneous
State DMV Fees
Town DMV Fees
Downtown Revitalization Grant
Other Reimbursable
Transfer from Reserve
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

25,000.
200,000.
3,500.
1,000.
10,000.
6,000.
3,000.
80,000.
46,000.
15,000.
23,107.
0.
200.
4,500.
1,000.
2,500.
2,000.
390,000.
500.
217,102.
2,894,409.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

2,965,297.
2,965,297.

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
Miscellaneous
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Fund Balance

370,000.
7,500.
15,000.
10,000.
0.
500.
4,000.
35,000.
35,000.
193,297.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

Church Street Waterline Grant – DHCD
Church Street Grant Proceeds – Rural Dev.
Church Street Loan Proceeds – Rural Dev.
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

670,000.
1,125,000.
500,000.
2,965,297.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

2,862,145.
2,862,145.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2022-2023;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees
Park Service Maintenance
Interest
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Beginning Balance
USDA Grant Proceeds 1
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

870,000.
2,500.
7,500.
20,000.
5,000.
2,500.
285,618.
1,669,027.
2,862,145.

SECTION X:
The salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby authorized as per the terms
of the town’s classification and merit system as approved compensation for officers and
employees for services rendered, unless hereafter otherwise provided by ordinance; provided
however, that the Town Manager is authorized to make such rearrangement of positions in the
several departments named in the Budget, in respect to officers and employees appointed by
his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the Town and after approval by Council.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal Year
2022-2023 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section 15.2-2507, Code of Virginia;
and,

SECTION XII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year Budget for 2022-2023 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2022 and the monies necessary

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained
as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Adopted this 13th day of June, 2022.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk                       Richard C. Conner, Mayor

ROLL CALL VOTE:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes,
Puckette – yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt an Ordinance to
Revise Chapter, Section 117-29 of the Appomattox Town Code, thereof, entitled “Standards for
Residential Chicken Keeping”.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Request for parking on Court Street:
Mrs. Casto provided an updated - Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) in
Appomattox encourages the Town Council, if you desire, to make a request for parking along
Court Street and he will send the request to the traffic and engineering department in Lynchburg.
The request will be studied and if the width allows VDOT will mark the lines parallel to the
sidewalks and designate the “No Parking Here to the Corner” locations.  The Town will be
responsible for placing the horizontal lines for each parking space.

Council tabled this item until Mr. Elder could study the options of the Town performing these
services and for Mrs. Casto to determine if the Town can hold a public hearing on the matter to
determine the interest of all citizens.

Request for a Resolution of Support:
Mr. John Redding, President of the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce requested the
Appomattox Town Council adopt a statement of support for their production of the 2022-2023
edition of the Appomattox Magazine.

After much discussion, Council recommended sending the Chamber a letter explaining the Town
is not in the business of endorsing other entities to make money.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Finance & Planning – Mrs. Puckette reported the FY 2022-2023 Budget was adopted by the
Town Council tonight.

Physical Development Committee – no report.

Citizen Comment:
None

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee reported on the following items:

  The economic development prospects are on course.
  The train depot – request for proposals for engineering/project management services was

awarded to Dominion Seven Architects.

  Responded to a citizen request concerning buzzards.
  Currently reviewing and analyzing operating expenses.
  Will be presenting a new calendar system over the next few months.

Council Comment:
Mrs. Puckette – none
Mr. Simpson – from Texas it is 97 degrees
Mr. Garrett – none
Mr. Boyce – none
Mr. Tilton – none
Ms. Spiggle – none

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussing performance of specific public employees, being a total of 26 employees.
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was reopened to the public.

Closed Session Certification:
Council Member Ms. Puckette made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 13, 2022

The motion was seconded by Council Member Mr. Garrett and Council by the following
recorded vote adopted the motion:
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to send a letter to each
Town employee thanking them during these tough economic times and hoping the 2% cost of
living increase will improve the situation for everyone.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:40 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

