1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 14, 2009

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, December 14, 2009,
at 6:30 pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent Karl E. Carter.

Others:  Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney, Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to
Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the guests.

Rev. Carlton Duck gave the invocation.

Public Comments – none

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey thanked the Community of Candles committee for a
successful event on Sunday, December 6, 2009.  The parade was wonderful.  Thank you to June
Chenault, Shirley Wheeler and the Appomattox Assembly.  He also thanked the Town Staff for
the decorations at the Town Office that took second place in the Municipal Building decoration
contest.   Mayor Harvey recognized the Appomattox Raider Football team on their success this
year.  Best Wishes and a continued recovery for Mr. Karl Carter after his recent surgery.  From
the Appomattox Town Council, Staff and Mayor wished everyone a Season’s Greetings and
bountiful New Year.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda of December 14, 2009 with the removal of Appearance #1 –
G. Mike Damron.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Gary Christie, Executive Director, Local Government Council gave council an update on the
continued work of Region 2000 Local Government Council.  He provided a brochure that
explains all six (6) departments within their offices at the Bank of the James building.  Mr.
Christie explained how localities pay dues to the Local Government Council and the
opportunities provided to localities.  One project of note is a federally funding Economic
Development Administration.  It will take about 12 months to develop.  Once approved Region
2000 will be eligible for federal grants that we are not eligible for today.

Bryan David, Executive Director, Economic Development Council thanked council for
opportunity to speak to you tonight.  Mr. David is excited to be working with the best leadership
in the Region.  Mr. David worked out a scope with Fletcher Mangum to create “The Contribution
That Virginia’s Region 2000 Partnership Makes to Region 2000’s Economy”.  The region is
going through some changes by creating high value and high paying jobs.  One of the things that
become very difficult is that we can create good high value wages it benefits the economy of
these localities. Despite the economic downturn there are some growth trends.  A lot of the job

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 14, 2009

growth is created by small business.  Those folks are here now.  We need to help create
entrepreneurship.  We will be working with our Technology Council who is working with
Middle Schoolers to create the STEM initiative and as time goes on it will be successful.  The
telecommunications infrastructure is crucial and we have the ability to provide broadband service
at the end of the day.

Bryan Baine worked with Kelly Hitchcock on the Safe Routes to School Program and Long
Range Bicycling Plan.  Mr. Baine thanked Region 2000 for the assistance and looks forward to a
continued partnership.

Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs asked when the Economic Strategy would be complete.  Mr. David
responded within 12 to 14 months maybe even 18 months.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –
Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs presented a concept of “Student of the Month” program.
Council could allow the school administration to choose a student that displays leadership skills
and their level of responsibility.  A plaque would be presented by the Town Council to student
chosen.  Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs said she thought it was a good program.  Mr.
Mayberry wanted to know which school would be targeted and if more information would be
forthcoming.  Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs suggested middle school age and gave guidelines of cost of
roughly $270 a year.  Mr. Baine thinks it is a great idea and there is nothing negative about the
program.  Mr. Mayberry suggested that maybe a business should sponsor the program.  The
Town could possibly be hit with future requests.  Mr. Williams raised concern that the school
system is county run and that the school board runs the school system and that the town has any
say and we can have a support sense and I would feel better if the school board rubber stamped it
or if we went in together with them.  Mr. Mayberry said that maybe the school board isn’t even
aware that a program even exists like this.  Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs stated it is irrelevant would
recognizes the students as long as someone does.

The item will be tabled until the regular meeting in January 2010 pending more research.

Councilmember Baine suggested meeting twice a year with the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.  The item was suggested but meetings did not materialize.  We should offer the two
meetings again.  Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise will talk with Mrs. Ferguson regarding 2010 dates for
the meeting.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council
voted recommend William Coupe to the Circuit Court Judge as the Town’s representative on the
joint Board of Zoning Appeals with a term expiring December 31, 2013.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Pending Matters –
Council gave consensus that the December 29, 2009 Council Workshop meeting could be
decided by staff predicated on agenda material.

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 14, 2009

Council Concerns –
Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs:
I want to make a few comments and references to Mike Damron’s letter that was submitted to
Mayor Harvey and is a part of our agenda package.  I am sorry that he couldn’t be here tonight I
was certainly looking forward to some healthy debate back and forth and questions answered.
However, back in 2006 most of you know when I was newly elected on Town Council I didn’t
know a lot about the water situation or the waterline controversy nor did I campaign on it either
way.  What I said is that I would certainly research both sides and form my decision and part of
that I did by setting an appointment with Mr. Damon with CCUSA and Mr. Garrett, Town
Manager at that time went with me and we went over some things.  We went over the B & V
study and methodology and at that time there were a few areas of rate methodology that
concerned me.  Now, back in October I presented some things to this council and I don’t know if
I was in a position of authority if I would have addressed a news article because third party
information sometimes can be misstated and misunderstood.  However I would like to address
parts of that letter.

Paul,

This e-mail is in regard to the statements I read in the Appomattox Times-Virginian dated
October 21, 2009.  The statements were credited to Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  I am not sure
how accurate the article is and maybe some things were taken out of context but what I wanted
to clarify is the rate history with the Town of Altavista and the rate structure process.

I have attached a spreadsheet with 7 years of data that outlines the rate history with the Town of
Altavista.  In the above referenced newspaper article, the following statements were made that I
disagree with:

“Based on the rate methodology from Black and Veatch water study, the rates went up from 88
cents per 1000 gallons in 2004 to $1.02 per 1000 gallons in 2006.”  What I want to clarify is that
during this 3 year period, the water rates did increase substantially due to the reduction of water
usage system wide.  The more water that is used system wide, the cheaper the unit cost i.e. the
cost per gallon decreases.

 Now I understand that in theory and if you flip back and look at his seven year articulated
information from Altavista and you look at that 3 year period in 2004 he is using 100 c.ft.
typically what we look is per 1000 gallons.  I looked at the invoices we had from the Town of
Altavista and I looked at the per 1000 gallons rates and the 100 cu. ft. in that 2004 the cu. Ft.

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry,
Council voted to adjourn at 8:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette

Paul D. Harvey

4  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 14, 2009

Clerk

Mayor

