1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, October 27, 2009

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on October 27, 2009 at 7:00
pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council members Bryan J.
Baine, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky” Williams and Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.
Absent were Karl E. Carter and N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry.  Also in attendance were Stephanie
James, Mary Lou Spiggle, Chad Millner, Will Simmons, Derek Norfield, Carlton Duck, Bart S.
Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey advised the council members of a Grand Opening and Ribbon Cutting Ceremony
scheduled for Friday, November 13, 2009 for J.A.M. House Teen Center located in the former
County Carpet & Tile building at 1953 Church Street, Appomattox.

Updates from Standing Committees

Finance Committee – No report

Fire & Safety Committee – has not met since the September workshop meeting.  The second
town newsletter is scheduled for distribution the first week of November.

Ordinance Committee – No report

Personnel Committee – No report

Street & Property Committee – The Street & Property Committee met on Wednesday, October
21, 2009 and discussed the four (4) applications received for the five (5) vacancies on the Tree
Board.

On a recommendation of the Street & Property Committee, Council voted to appoint the four (4)
applicants received, those being John Wilson, Catherine Zdgiebloski, Eric Ferguson and Jean
Doherty to the Appomattox Tree Board.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Utility Committee – No report

Staff Reports –
Bart S. Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager gave a brief summary of the Managers and Staff
Reports.

Will Simmons, Director of Tourism

Council Concerns –
None

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, October 27, 2009

On a motion by Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adjourn
at 7:18 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

