ref: reel_03_0424
date: 1978-12-11
content: Page 2 of Public Hearings
December 11, 1978

Mr. E. E. Wallace
Route 2
Appomattox, Va. 24522

Mr. E. E. Wallace came forward to express his opinions. Mr. Wallace stated "in essence" that if the sewer rate changed, then his bill would change from $44.00 to $126.00. He was against this change in the rate.

Mr. J. A. Nolen
Countryside Drive
Appomattox, Va. 24522

Mr. J. A. Nolen requested a clarification from Mr. Britton on a statement he made. Mr. Britton explained that the 1978 bill would be once a year and after 1978, it would be billed on the water bill every two months.

Mr. Nolen then stated at that rate his bill would be approximately $157.00 for the year.

Mr. Nolen felt that he would rather live in the Town. He feels you get your money's worth for the Town tax that you pay.

Mr. Thomas W. Lawson, Councilmember, requested that it be explained how the Town arrived at the rate of 100%. The people who used the higher rate of water, would be the ones to pay this Sewer Charge.

Mayor Spiggle stated that, the Town of Appomattox was the only Town to use the rate of 50% on the assessed value of property as a basis for Sewer Charge.

Mayor Spiggle asked for any other comment.

Mr. Nolen asked whether the rate would be changed.

Mayor Spiggle informed Mr. Nolen that it wouldn't change at the public hearing.

There being no further comment, Mayor Spiggle closed the hearing at 7:55
chunk_id: 20576
record_id: 1596
page_number: 1

