204,

REGULAR MEETING - DECEMBER 12, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, December 12, 1994, at 7:30 PM. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner,
S. E. Lawson, S. E. Carter, R. L. Bass, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the Consent Agenda with two additions: one
to Unfinished Business: 3. Council Chambers} NÃ©w Business:.
6 ISTEA Grant, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to deny the request from D. S. Nash for 10 additional
sewer connections. Council does not feel that it can reserve
any future capacity at the Lagoon. We are almost at our flow
limits now, and each request will be considered at a need
basis. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to approve the request for Utility Service on Sunnydale
Avenue by J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc. for six residential
connections if he will pay his pro-rated share of the costs
of the installation of lines to serve this area, which will
be figured with ail the lots that can be served, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Bass informed Council that he has received one price for
remodeling the Council Chambers of $5300.00. We have included
funds in the 1995 Budget for the remodeling. We also are
considering other changes but will refer these to the

Property Committee for their study.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to deny the request from Barbara Beasley to waive the
availability fee for her lot onRoute 677 and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to refer the request from Bass & Milton Co fora
Conditional Use Permit to the Appomattox Planning Commission
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to advertize their intent to adopt the Proposed 1995
Town Budget and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

