Regular Meeting - April 8, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, April 8, 1991 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were R. C. Hubbard, H. W. Conner, Marvin
Mitchell, S.E. Carter, R. L. Bass, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council approved
the Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved
the Spring Clean Up Weeks of April 22-26th, and April 29-May3, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to
authorize Mayor Spiggle to execute and sign the lease on the Town
Ball park for five years. (see attached copy)

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye
Carson-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to authorize Vice-Mayor Bass to get prices on the cleaning the wood-
work with a high pressure system and bring the prices back to Council
for approval.

Bass~-aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Mitchell-aye
Hubbard-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted
to request the removal of the Pay Phone at the Depot, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

—™s

~A lengthy discussion was held on how to prevent the vandalism at’

the Children's Park. It was general consensus that an article in
the newspaper to request the citizens help to stop the vandalism.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

Coforasel 2, 96la_ __MAYOR
R. C. Spiggle .

CLERK

LB

