ref: reel_03_0229
date: 1962-07-01
content: A request from Bill Jamerson to give the Town the water system at Walton Place Subdivision was referred to the Water Committee for their study and recommendations.

The request for the I. & I. Study of our existing water system was referred to the Sewer Committee for their recommendation and study.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, with all members voting yes, to authorize Mr. Britton to attend a Training Session for Emergency Services, July 24 thru 29th.

Mr. Britton reported on some possible funding for the water line to the new Storage Tank from the F.H.A. Emergency Assistance program.

Mr. House made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to give approval to Thomasville to pave the access road off Ferguson Street provided it meets the State Highway Department specifications.
Conner - aye  Guill - aye  House - aye  Hubbard - aye

Mr. Britton reported on the progress of the access road to the new Storage Tank.

On a motion by Hubbard, seconded by House, the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, Harrell Street is an existing street in the Town of Appomattox and has been since before July 1, 1962;

AND WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox guarantees the right-of-way exists and is the required unencroached thirty (30) feet as shown on a zoning map of the Town of Appomattox, done by May-Hines & Associates, Consulting Engineers;

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox requests the Virginia Department of Highways to take over the maintenance and/or construction of Harrell Street East.
Spiggle - aye  Conner - aye  Guill - aye  Hubbard - aye  House - aye

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

Signed  H. B. Pack  Vice-Mayor

Signed  B. H. Mullins  Clerk
chunk_id: 20420
record_id: 1440
page_number: 1

