1  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, September 12, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, September
12, 2011 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner, and Joyce B. Bennett.

Other Present:  Cliff Harvey, Lucy Harvey, Benny Harvey, Dr. Chris King, Stephanie
James, Jeff Elder, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of
Council and Rhonda W. Guill, Deputy Clerk

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order

Dr. Chris King led the invocation

Dr. Chris King led the Pledge of Allegiance

Public Appearances – None

Mayor’s Comments
Community of Candles asked about leaving the ice skating rink in the parking lot on
Main Street or moving it to the Jamerson Library parking lot, after Sunday’s events.  It is
consensus of Council the rink be moved after Sunday to Liberty’s property.  Steve would
like for Liberty to ask the Lawson’s for permission as well, for use of the parking lot.
The Town has agreed to put up the same size as year’s past and the Community of
Candles Committee will decorate it.  They also asked for more money for decorations,
the Town will donate the same amount of money at last year.  They will be installing a
stage but the location has not been determined yet.  Mayor Harvey will meet with Rev.
Small this week to get more details and let him know what Council has decided.

Mayor Harvey made note that item #3 under New Business has been removed and a
Closed Session has been added to the agenda.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the Consent Agenda for September 12, 2011.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – None

New Business
Mayor Harvey presented the following resolution:

Resolution Concerning the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park

2  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, September 12, 2011

WHEREAS the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park plays a major part in
conserving the history of Appomattox County, the State of Virginia and the United States
of America as the surrender site ending the American Civil War in April 1865; and
WHEREAS the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park is the anchor site for
tourism in Appomattox County; and is one of several historical locations in the heart of
Virginia known as Region 2000 significant to the development of the United States; and
WHEREAS the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park is a major factor in
the economic well-being of Appomattox County and the surrounding area; and
WHEREAS the National Parks Conservation Association Center for Park Research in its
June 2011 “State of America’s National Parks” used the Appomattox Court House
National Historical Park as an example of a deteriorating site that is under staffed and
underfunded with facilities and historic buildings in need of renovation, restoration,
repair and ongoing maintenance; and
WHEREAS local Park Service Staff at the Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park has diligently worked to protect, preserve and maintain the site and provide visitors
with a meaningful, memorable experience involving what many consider the most
important event of the American Civil War and one of the most important events in our
nation’s history; and
WHEREAS the Sesquicentennial Anniversary of this major event is in April 2015 and
thousands of visitors, re-enactors and others interested in the history of the Civil War, the
events that occurred at the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park and the
figures involved in those events are expected to travel from across the state of Virginia,
the Nation and the world to visit the site;

BE IT NOW THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Town Council of Appomattox,
representing the concerns of the community and citizens; requests the National Park
Service seek and provide the resources, funding and planning of a renovation, restoration,
repair project for the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park to be completed
by December of 2014 and provide the resources, funding and planning of an ongoing
maintenance program to prevent future deterioration of this historically significant
landmark.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adopt a Resolution Concerning the Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park.  All members voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle,
Council voted to authorize Mayor Harvey to execute the Water Purchase Contract
between Appomattox County and the Town of Appomattox.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

Citizen Comment Period – None

Council Concerns – None

3  Regular Council Meeting
    Monday, September 12, 2011

Closed Session

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Conner,
Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of
Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel employed
or retained by a public body regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of
legal advice by such counsel, such specific legal matters being issues pertaining to the
enforceability of the sign ordinance. Council also voted to convene in Closed Session,
pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 3 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real property for a public purpose,
where discussion in an open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining position or
negotiating strategy of the public body, specifically being for the expansion and/or
relocation of the Public Works facilities.   All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully
exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed
meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard,
discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye,
Bennett – aye

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Conner,
Council voted to adjourn at 8:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

_____________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

