3 1B

Regular meeting - January 11, 1999

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, January 11, 1999 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: S. E. Lawson, Joyce Bennett,
Rick Pack, Norman Mayberry, and Marvin Mitchell -
Absent â€”- Bass

Others present: Samuel Carter, Connie Snavely, and hee
Capps, CVPDC, Jon Montgomery and Tom Chalfant, Chamber of
Commerce, Earl Dickerson and Julie Rayburn, Hurt &
Proffitt, William Phillips, Town Attorney, Cindy Smith,
Times- Virginian, David T. Garrett, Jr., and Bobbie Mullins,
Clerk. : ee ,

The meeting was was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Rick Pack, seconded by Marvin Mtichell,
Council voted to approve the Consent Agenda as presented
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Earl Dickerson and Julie Rayburn, presented the final
design plans for the ISTEA Project in the Downtown Area.

On a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to proceed with the final design plans for ISTEA with
the lights being at the discretion of the Engineers and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Samuel Carter appeared before Council to brief them on
items of interest the County is involved with, such as the
landfill.

On a motion by Joyce Bennett, seconded by Mr. Lawson,
Council voted to go with VRLA Loan at 0% interest rate for
the SBR System.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried

At 8:20 PM Mr. Rick Pack left the meeting.

Information is still being gathered on the proposed Leash
Law.

