ref: reel_02_0494
date: 1967-12-04
content: An ordinance was duly considered, following a required public hearing on November 15, 1967, and was adopted by the governing body of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia at its regular meeting on December 4th, 1967. Aye: Richardson, Abbitt, Nays: None.

It shall be effective at and after 12:01 a.m. January 1, 1968.

SECTION 8 - DEFINITIONS
WORDS AND TERMS
For the purpose of this ordinance, certain words and terms used herein shall be interpreted or defined as follows: Words used in the present tense include the future, the words in the singular number include the plural and the plural the singular; unless the natural construction of the word indicates otherwise; the word "lot" includes the word "parcel"; the word "shall" is mandatory and not directory; the word "approved" shall be considered to be followed by the words "by the governing body", and any reference to this ordinance includes all ordinances amending or supplementing the same; all distances and areas refer to measurements in a horizontal plane.

8-1. AGENT: The representative of each governing body appointed by it, which will serve as the agent for the area of the governing body for the board in approving the subdivision plats and assist the governing body.

8-2. ALLEY: A permanent service way providing a secondary means of access to abutting properties.

8-3. BUILDING LINE: The distance which a building is from the front lot line or front boundary line.

8-4. COMMISSION: The planning commission of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia.

8-5. CUL-DE-SAC: A street with only one outlet and having an appropriate turnaround for safe and convenient reverse traffic movement.

8-6. DEVELOPER: An owner of property being subdivided, whether or not represented by an agent.

8-7. EASEMENT: A grant by a property owner of the use of land for specific purpose or purposes.

8-8. ENGINEER: An engineer licensed by the Commonwealth of Virginia.

8-9. GOVERNING BODY: The Town Council of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia.

8-10. HEALTH OFFICER (OR OFFICIAL): The health director or sanitarian of The Town of Appomattox.

8-11. HIGHWAY ENGINEER: The resident engineer employed by the Virginia Department of Highways.

8-12. JURISDICTION: The area or territory subject to the legislative control of the governing body.

8-13. LOT: A numbered and recorded portion of a subdivision intended for
chunk_id: 19968
record_id: 988
page_number: 1

