1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 27, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 27, 2020 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, Nathan A. Simpson, Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou
Spiggle and Claudia G. Puckette.

Town Planning Commission present:  Linda Lipscomb, Marvin Mitchell, S. L. Ferguson, and
Roger Carson.

Others present:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Warren Kane,
B2X Online; Christy Torrence, Office Manager; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray,
Treasurer; Frank Wright, Town Attorney; Bruce Boone, Brian Goldman, Julia Vaughan, Emilee
Lauer, Sarah Conner and Roxanne Casto, Clerk

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page.

Mayor Conner called to order the Council Workshop meeting including a public hearing with the
Appomattox Town Planning Commission.

Mr. Mitchell called the Planning Commission to order.

Mayor Conner stated the purpose of the public hearing:
The Appomattox Town Planning Commission and the Appomattox Town Council will conduct a
joint public hearing on Tuesday, October 27, 2020 at 6:00 p.m. to consider the following
petition:

Property Owner:  Bill Jamerson
Applicant Name:  Bruce S. Boone
Authorized Agent:  Bruce S. Boone

Bruce S. Boone does hereby request a rezoning application for Tax Map Identification Number
64A6 1 B 19A, 64A6 1 A 7, 64A6 1 A 6, 64A6 1 A 5, 64A6 1 A 4, 64A6 1 A 3, 64A6 1 A
2.  The property is currently zoned R-2 and the proposed zoning is R-3 in order to create
continuation of the R-3 General Residential adjacent to other R-3 properties.  This parcel is
approximately 9 acres in size and is located at 929 Confederate Boulevard, Appomattox,
Virginia.

The joint public hearing will be held in the Appomattox Town Council Chambers located at 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  A copy of the petition is on file in the Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  Any person needing special accommodations should
contact the Town Office at 434-352-8268 no later than the close of business the day prior to the
public hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 27, 2020

Mr. Shanaberger explained the primary purpose of the request to rezone from R-2 to R-3 is for a
school to be located within the house on the property.  The R-3 zoning request follows the
Town’s Comprehensive Plan.  There will be no impact to local resources and/or services.

Mr. Boone addressed the Town Council and the Planning Commission stating the Appomattox
Christian Academy is entering its 15th year in operation.  In 2015, ACA began renting space at
Liberty Baptist Church however, due to the pandemic, there is a need to have all students located
on ACA property.

Brian Goldman, Goldman Architects, stated he looked at the building for the proposed use and
using current building code guidelines, the structure can easily be upgraded.

Julia Vaughan, Dean of Admissions, oversees recruitment and safety and has been charged with
COVID compliance.  The greatest hurdle has been social distancing.  This added building will
enable all elements of social distancing to occur.  Currently, ACA has an enrollment of 86
students.  The house would hold grades 9-12.

Mr. Boone assured Council and the Planning Commission that no children would be walking
back and forth from the house to the main campus and there would be no bus traffic at the house.

Mayor Conner asked for questions from the Planning Commission.  There were none.  He then
asked if there were questions from the Council, there were also none.
Mayor Conner asked if the structure would be ADA compliant and Mr. Goldman assured him it
would be.  Mayor Conner also asked if VDOT was contact and Mr. Goldman said they are
working to set up a meeting with them.

Mayor Conner asked for Public Comments.  There were none.

Mayor Conner then stated the purpose of the next public hearing:
The Appomattox Town Planning Commission and the Appomattox Town Council will conduct a
joint public hearing on Tuesday, October 27, 2020 at 6:00 p.m. to consider the following
petition:

Applicant:  Tower Engineering Professionals, on behalf of U.S. Cellular Corporation
Property Address:  Armstrong Lane, west-northwest of the intersection of Ferguson Street and
Virginia Avenue.
Tax Map # 64A1-A-3

Tower Engineering Professionals, on behalf of U.S. Cellular Corporation, is requesting to install
a tower, per the Town of Appomattox Wireless Telecommunications Facilities Ordinance for a

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 27, 2020

proposed 155-ft AGL (159-ft overall) monopole communications tower to be located southwest
of a portion of Armstrong Lane, west-northwest of the intersection of Ferguson Street and
Virginia Avenue, in Appomattox, Virginia (Appomattox County Tax ID #64A1-A-3).

The joint public hearing will be held in the Appomattox Town Council Chambers located at 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  A copy of the petition is on file in the Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  Any person needing special accommodations should
contact the Town Office at 434-352-8268 no later than the close of business the day prior to the
public hearing.

Emilee Lauer, Old Dominion Professional Services, Inc. appeared before the Town Planning
Commission to provide an overview of the request by US Cellular to construct a wireless
telecommunication tower in the Town of Appomattox upon which US Cellular will be the anchor
tenant.  The proposal is a 155-ft AGL (159-ft AGL with appurtenances) monopole
communication tower, a proposed 100 ft x100 ft tower compound lease area containing a 50 ft x
50 ft chain link fence compound and a 20 ft x 50 ft turnaround area, and an approximately 30 ft
wide by 429.73 ft access and utility easement.  The site has been chosen to be near users.

Mayor Conner asked for questions from the Planning Commission.  There were none.  He then
asked if there were questions from the Council, there were also none.

Mayor Conner asked for Public Comments.  There were none.

Mayor Conner closed the joint public hearings.

Mr. Mitchell closed the Planning Commission meeting.

Rev. Carlton Duck provided a prayer for the Council and citizens as the Town moves forward in
light of the untimely passing of Dr. Paul D. Harvey and the passing of Councilwoman Puckett’s
husband, Dan in the recent week.

Scheduled Public Appearances:

Warren Kane of B2X Online appeared before Council to discuss how B2X will be assisting
Appomattox County residents as a recipient of CARES Act funding provided by Appomattox
County.  The coverage area (by way of the map) shown to Council appears to cover all of the
Town of Appomattox.  If the Town knows of residents needing internet coverage, Mr. Kane
recommended providing them information on B2X.  Mr. Kane would need to know how the
Town would like to move forward for residents.  The service being provided by the Council
should start no later than December 15, 2020, but possibly as early as in 2 weeks.  Council
thanked Mr. Kane for the information.

Discussion Items:

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 27, 2020

Mayor Conner stated that with the recent passing of Mr. Harvey, a vacancy now exists on the
Planning Commission.  Nathan Simpson agreed to fill the unexpired term until June 30, 2022 on
the Town Planning Commission.

Mayor’s Comments:
None

Council Comments:
Mrs. Puckette thanked the Council and staff for their thoughts and prayers during her husbands
cancer diagnosis and recent passing.

Ms. Spiggle – none

Mr. T. Garrett – none

Mr. Simpson commented that the Town Attorney had been present at the last two (2) meetings
and asked if that was standard protocol.  Mr. Shanaberger responded that this was due to the
technical issues of the Planning Commission public hearing matters.

Mr. Tilton – none

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Treasurer provided the Treasurer’s Report for October 2020.

Ms. Casto, Clerk of Council discussed filling the vacancy for the seat on Town Council created
by the passing of Dr. Harvey.

Mr. Elder discussed creating a policy for residents desiring an additional roll out cart.  Mr.
Garrett instructed staff to research other localities and bring back more information to Council.

Mr. Shanaberger provided an updated on the following items:

•  The Town Office has received a few phone calls in regards to Halloween.  The Town is

encouraging citizens to follow guidelines from the Virginia Department of Health (VDH)
and the Center for Disease Control (CDC).

•  The Meadowlark CDBG Housing project ended in June 2020.  Mr. Shanaberger has

requested Mr. Matt Perkins, with the Central Virginia Planning District Commission to
provide an update on this project at the following meeting.

•  The Appomattox Christmas Parade is scheduled for Saturday, December 5, 2020.
•  The Downtown Revitalization Project is ongoing.  He met with the first two property

owners regarding their contracts.  He will be able to measure the process using these two
contracts.

•  A pre-construction meeting of the sewer project is scheduled for Thursday, October 29,
2020.  There is one contractor for the 3-phase contract.  The Town is anxiously awaiting
the USDA closing on this project.

5  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 27, 2020

•  The Church Street waterline replacement project DHCD grant application has been
submitted.  In about 10 days, the Rural Development application will be submitted.

•  He has reached out to Delegate Farris and Senator Peake regarding the Town’s

referendums for the charter change.

Mr. Garrett inquired if anything has changed with the Downtown project?  Mr. Shanaberger said
that everyone has been very patient.  The next group of properties is expected to go out for bid in
the next 2-3 weeks.
Ms. Spiggle commended on the Façade Improvement Project at the Triangle Plaza.  The private
property owner is doing a complete façade makeover.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. A. Tilton, the Council voted to adjourn at 7:22
p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

