190

REGULAR MEETING - MAY 9, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, May 9, 1994 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner,
S. EB. Lawson, W. H. Carson, S. E. Carter, and R. L. Bass.

Others present: Cindy Smith and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The Meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the Agenda with one addition 4. Street
Committee Report and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted that an amendment on Item 4, of the Street Committee
be deleted, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the Street Committee report, with the
exception of Item 4, as previously deleted by an amendment
to the motion, and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried. (see attached copy)

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to Table Item 1, Virginia By-Way Designation and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to Table Item 2, Command Center, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to purchase a Computer System from Specialized Data
Systems at an approximate cost of $6,466.00 and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to re-appoint Al Sears and Debra Chernault to a 4 year
term on the Appomattox Planning Commission and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to designate R. C. Spiggle as Applicant Agent for
FEMA Funding and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

7
a

