Town of Appomattox – Agenda – Council Workshop Meeting
Tuesday, August 28, 2007 - 7:00 p.m.
Appomattox Municipal Building – 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia

Call to order

1.  Committee Chairman project updates
a.  Ordinance Committee
b.  Finance Committee
c.  Street & Property Committee
d.  Fire  & Safety Committee
e.  Personnel Committee
f.  Utility Committee

2.  Updates from Staff

a.  Director of Tourism
b.  Treasurer
c.  Clerk
d.  Town Manager

i.  Attachments for Wastewater, Water & Utility

e.  Town Attorney

Adjourn

COUNCIL AGENDA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX – P. O. BOX 705 – Appomattox, Va  24522 - (434) 352-8268
INCORPORATED 1925

•  Regular session meets at 7:30 p.m. on the 2nd Monday of each month.
•  Presentations and agenda items scheduled by 2nd Monday preceding.
•  There will be an opportunity for Public Comments at regular sessions only.
•  Council Workshop meets at 7:00 p.m. on the 4th Tuesday of each month.

MAYOR – John L. Wilson
TOWN COUNCIL – Joyce B. Bennett, Steven E. Lawson, Norman H. (Jimmy) Mayberry, C.
Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs, John T. (Plicky) Williams
OTHERS – David T. Garrett, Town Manager; Frank A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney and
Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk

Welcome!

Welcome to this meeting of the Appomattox Town Council!  This is your Council, doing

your business in a facility owned by the citizens of Appomattox.  Good representative
government requires citizen participation and your presence indicates to us that you are making a
special effort to help make the Town of Appomattox a better place to live, work or visit.
Many people only come to the meetings when they have a passionate interest in a
particular subject.  Do not be discouraged if you do not see a crowded room.  Your comments on
any particular subject may represent the unspoken opinions of many others who could not
appear.

Your understanding of your hometown will grow as you attend more meetings.

Guidelines for Citizen Participation

You may speak concerning an item not placed on the Agenda during the public comment period.
A spokesperson may be named to present your position, with others in agreement being
recognized by standing.  Council will try to hear everyone who wishes to speak on a subject, but
occasionally discussion is limited because of time.  Speakers are generally requested to limit
remarks to three (3) minutes, although Council can allow exceptions at its discretion.

When you are called upon to speak, you are requested to:

1.  Come to the speaker’s podium.
2.  State you name and address for the record.
3.  State your position.
4.  If you have a written statement or a petition, please file it with the Clerk of Council.  If
supportive material is to be distributed among Council Members and Staff, please
provide 12 copies.

Useful Information

Meeting Agenda Packets

Meeting agendas and supporting details, identical to the packet supplied the Council, are

available in the J. Robert Jamerson Library at least one full workweek prior to meetings.
Meeting agenda packets serve three purposes - First, they provide advance public notice and
some background information on specific subjects for all interested citizens on a routine basis.
Second, they provide advance information so that council members can adequately respond and
plan for meeting participation.  Third, they provide a plan for the orderly and efficient conduct of
council meetings.

Television Coverage of Meetings
All Council Meetings are videotaped.  The tapes are edited to exclude periods of

inactivity so that they fit a two-hour time period provided by Alive TV, a ministry of
Gethsemane Baptist Church, Lynchburg, Virginia.  The meetings are aired on Cable Channel 7
and UHF Channel 33.

Times: Friday following meetings – 10:30 a.m. and 7:00 p.m.
Saturday following meetings – 8:30 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.

Committee Meetings

Most of the real work of Council is done by individual members working independently.

Their independent efforts are discussed, analyzed and refined at Committee Meetings before
presentation to the full Council.

Committee Meetings are scheduled, advertised and open to public and press.  They must

be advertised for 3 working days prior to a meeting.  Individuals seeking notification of
Committee Meetings may submit a written request, valid for one year.

Finance
Jennifer J. Scruggs, Ch.
(352-7550)
Lewis McDearmon
Joyce Bennett

Personnel
John “Plicky” Williams, Ch.
(352-4278)
Jimmy Mayberry
Joyce Bennett

Committees

Fire & Safety
Joyce Bennett, Ch.
(352-8609)
Norman Mayberry
John “Plicky” Williams

Property & Streets
Steven E. Lawson, Ch.
(352-8235)
C. L. McDearmon, Jr.
Jennifer J. Scruggs

Ordinance Committee
Norman H. Mayberry, Ch.
(352-7086)
Steven E. Lawson
John “Plicky” Williams

Utility Committee
C. L. McDearmon, Jr.
(352-5488)
Steve Lawson
Jennifer J. Scruggs

Office Hours:  Monday – Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Office location:  210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia

Other Useful Contact Numbers

Mayor:
Town Manager:
Billing Questions:
Water Problems-Emergency:  Day – 352-8268 or Evening – 352-8241

John L. Wilson, 352-2539, e-mail: jwilson@jetbroadband.com
David T. Garrett, Jr., 352-8268, e-mail: dgarrett@appomattoxva.gov
352-8268

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX - 2007 MEETING SCHEDULE
Location:  Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, VA

January 2007
Monday, January 8, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, January 23, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

February 2007
Monday, February 12, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, February 27, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

March 2007
Monday, March 12, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, March 27, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

April 2007
Monday, April 9, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, April 24, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

May 2007
Monday, May 14, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, May 22, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

June 2007
Monday, June 11, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, June 26, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

July 2007
Monday, July 9, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, July 24, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

August 2007
Monday, August 13, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, August 28, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

September 2007
Monday, September 10, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Tuesday, September 25, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

October 2007
*Tuesday, October 9, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular (*Monday, October 8, 2007 – Columbus Day Holiday)
Tuesday, October 23, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

November 2007
*Tuesday, November 13, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular (*Monday, November 12, 2007 – Veteran’s Day Holiday)
Tuesday, November 27, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

December 2007
Monday, December 10, 2007 at 7:30 p.m. – Regular
Wednesday, December 26, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. – Workshop

*Code of the Town of Appomattox.

§5-8.  Time and Place.
If the second Monday of the month is a holiday, the meeting shall be held on the following day.

If a Council Meeting (Regular or Workshop) is cancelled due to inclement weather, the council will meet the
following night.

A motion duly seconded and voted upon by council could change or remove any of the above dates or times.

Utility Rates
(Effective November 1, 2006)

Water
In Town
$6.35/month with 2000 gallon allowable metered sales
$5.54/1000 gallons for all consumption above 2000 gallons

Out of Town
$9.35/month with 2000 gallons allowable metered sales
$8.31/1000 gallons for all consumption 2000 gallons

Sewer
In Town
$9.10/month per Equivalent Residential Connection (ERC)
$7.25/1000 gallons for all metered water consumption

Out of Town
$13.65/month per Equivalent Residential Connection (ERC)
$10.88/1000 gallons for all metered water consumption

Business Licenses
Due January 31, 2007
Applications are available at the Town Office
Rate - $0.15/$100 of gross receipts

Town Decals
On Sale March 1, 2007 and must be displayed by March 31, 2007
$25.00 for Cars/Trucks
$24.00 for Motorcycles
$2.00 for Transfers
(Prior years Personal Property taxes must be paid before purchase)

Meals Tax
Rate - 5%
Reported monthly

Lodging Tax
Rate - 5%
Reported monthly

Opening Burning
Allowed the first week of December, February, March, April, the last week of November.

Curbside Leaf Collection
Loose Leaves – November 1 – December 31
Bagged Leaves – November 1 – January 31

