ref: reel_03_0033
date: 1975-03-01
content: It was the consensus of Council to respond in the affirmative to the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors questions: 1. If the electrical utility rate were an overriding concern to this community? 2. Does the Council feel that it is of sufficient concern to request the Governor to call the State Legislature back into session after March 15, 1975 to address this problem.

A motion was made by Hubbard seconded by House to combine the separate insurance policies on the Appomattox Volunteer Firemen held by the Town and County into one policy and to increase the accidental death benefits to $5000.00 and the weekly income to $125.00 for life at a total increased cost to the Town of $105.00 per year, subject to the approval of same by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.

It was the desire of Council to be included under the County Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance.

It was the consensus of Council that the lease for the Railroad Depot be granted to the “Historic Appomattox Arts and Crafts Co-Op” for the period of April 1, 1975 through December 31, 1975 except for Railroad Day Weekend (October 10-12, 1975) under the same terms and conditions and for the same space as that covered in the 1974 lease.

W. S. Slagle presented certain recommended amendments to the Appomattox Town and Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance. Mayor Pack will set a date for the public hearing on this matter.

A motion was made by Hubbard seconded by Guill to adopt the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council request that the Virginia Department of Highways and Transportation Commission abandon and deed back to the original property owners all the following described real-estate located within the Town of Appomattox:

1. Being as shown on Sheet 3 of the plans for Route 131, State Highway Project 0131-060-101, RW-201 and lying on the Southwest (left) side of and adjacent to the center of old Route 131 from the lands of the Commonwealth to the lands of Henry L. Wright, containing 0.09 acre, more or less, land.
chunk_id: 20244
record_id: 1264
page_number: 1

