ref: reel_03_0028
date: 1975-02-17
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, February 17, 1975 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were R. C. Hubbard, M. J. House, Jr., Ronald Spiggle, T. E. Conner, and Burke Guill.

Also present were: Mr. J. T. Guill, Mrs. Jeanne Stanley, Mr. Harry G. Lawson, and Mr. Wallace Clair.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mrs. H. B. Stanley and Mr. J. T. Guill appeared before Council to request that Council consider revising the Appomattox Town Code to permit the sale of beer and wine on Sunday within the Town. Some discussion followed.

Mr. H. G. Lawson, representing Triangle Plaza Shopping Center, met with Council to clarify the Town's policy regarding the out-of-town water customers and to clarify certain provisions of the original contract to furnish water and sewer services to Triangle Plaza Shopping Center.

Mr. Clair, Chairman of the Central Virginia Commission on Aging, appeared before Council to inform them of the functions of the Commission. He discussed some of the activities coordinated by the Commission. Council gave their support to the 'Commission'.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. House requested that the citizens, who have appeared before Council concerning the lagoon, be informed of what we are doing to alleviate this problem.

Mr. Conner reported he had some information from the State Water Control Board on how to handle the lagoon odor problem and that he would turn it over to the Council.

Mr. Spiggle reported we have received a notice from the State Water Control Board of their intention to issue a N.P.D.E.S. certificate.

Mr. Spiggle was requested by Council to set up a meeting of the Water Committee and Mr. Booth to decide on an arrangement that would be agreeable with Triangle Plaza Shopping Center and the Town of Appomattox.

Mr. Conner reported we need to purchase a new garbage body and chassis and also replace the '70 Chevrolet Police Car. Council discussed the possibility of purchasing the Police car 'off the lot'. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to draw up specifications, submit the bids to the local dealers, and purchase a police car on the lot, seconded by Mr. Conner. Ayes 5 Nays 0
chunk_id: 20239
record_id: 1259
page_number: 1

