ref: reel_02_0255
date: 1951-01-15
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on January 15, 1951 with Mayor G. E. Buchanan presiding and the following members present, Chas. F. James, C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr. and F. C. Dresser.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. On a motion by Chas. F. James, seconded by J. C. Caldwell and carried the payment of the Town's part of the Social Security tax for the employees was authorized, provided the employees are eligible. The Town Manager was to ascertain the eligibility.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by Chas. F. James and carried the purchase of a new 1951 one and one half ton Chevrolet complete with new body, as per specifications and bids presented at this meeting for the sum of $2,229.12, less all Federal excise tax still to be deducted.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by Chas. F. James and carried the Manager shall order one dozen water meters and a sufficient supply of materials and supplies for stock due to the possible scarcity of these items.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins and seconded by Chas. F. James and carried all revenue collected from out-of-town fire calls answered shall be equally divided between the Firemen and the Town.

On a motion by C. S. Jenkins, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried the same costs of $25.00 shall be imposed upon any person in any town for answering a fire call, provided said town does not have a fire fighting Company to return the favor if and when needed by the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion unanimously carried, Mr. J. W. Cawthorn, Retired Town Sergeant, shall receive his water supply free of charge to him.

On a motion adjourned.

Signed  G. E. Buchanan
Signed E. Carroll Smith Clerk
E. Carroll Smith

A special meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was called at 11:30 A. M. on January 18, 1951 for the purpose of authorizing the Mayor to legally appoint and Commission Mr. J. W. Cawthorn, Jr as Police Court Judge for the Town of Appomattox, with Vice Mayor Chas. F. James presiding and the following members present; C. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, C. T. Moses, Jr. and F. C. Dresser.

On a motion by C. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by F. C. Dresser and carried the Mayor is hereby authorized to appoint and commission Mr. J. W. Cawthorn, Jr. as Police Court Judge for the Town of Appomattox Virginia at a salary of $20.00 per month, while serving in this capacity. This order shall become effective after January 19, 1951 and shall be terminated by either party upon 30 days’ notice to the other party.

Signed Chas. F. James Vice Mayor
Signed E. Carroll Smith Clerk
E. Carroll Smith
chunk_id: 19739
record_id: 759
page_number: 1

