ref: reel_03_0872
date: 1984-09-10
content: Regular Meeting - September 10, 1984

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, September 10, 1984, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R.L. Bass, Martin Webb, Ray Noble, and H.W. Conner. Absent: R.C. Hubbard and S.E. Carter.

Others present were: Frances Abbitt, W.R. Britton, Jr., and B.H. Mullins, Clerk.

Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, the Agenda with the following additions: Old Business: 4. Audit Report; New Business: 5. Notice for Trade Fair, 6. Executive Session; and a correction to the date in Item 1, New Business to September 24, 1984, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, the minutes of the August 13, 1984 meeting were approved as submitted, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Spiggle informed Council that the Financial Statement for the month of August was not ready.

On a motion by Mr. Webb, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved Mr. Pool's request for a Street Light at his place of Business with the stipulation that it be put on the property line nearest the Town of Appomattox.

Conner-aye  Bass-aye  Noble-aye  Webb-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, a request from the Boosters Club for a Street Light at the Concession Stand at Bragg Stadium was referred to the Street Committee for their study and recommendations.

Conner-aye  Bass-aye  Noble-aye  Webb-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Britton explained the purpose of the joint meeting to be held on September 24, 1984. He requested that all Council members try to attend.

Mr. Britton explained the Private Activity Bonds. This money is for businessmen who can show that by getting this money they will be creating more jobs.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to allow the Chamber of Commerce permission to use the Town's parking lots and possibly the Depot for a 'Trade Show' tentatively scheduled for April, 1985.

Conner-aye  Bass-aye  Noble-aye  Webb-aye
Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20888
record_id: 1908
page_number: 1

