346

Regular Meeting - November 8, 1999

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, November. 8, 1999 at 7:30 PM with R. C. Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Norman Mayberry, and Marvin Mitchell.
Absent — R. L. Bass.

Others present were: Cindy Smith, Sam Carter, William
Phillips, Town Attorney, David Garrett, and Bobbie H.
Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the Consent Agenda as presented
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle gave a report of the meetings he and David
Garrett had with. the churches regarding parking. They came
up with a compromise. The Presbyterian Church will
voluntarily restrict parking from the walk of the Church to
the school drive entrance. Parking in front of the Martin
house was not included in Council’s request. At Liberty
Church, they will ask for no parking on Wednesday nights
and Sunday nights, but that they can park there on Sunday
mornings. Mr. Lawson, Chairman of the Street Committee
suggested the Town approach the Martins for a volunteer
request to not park in front of their house on the street.
We will give this a try.

Joyce Bennett reported that she has set December 2, 1999 at
6:00 PM at the Frozen Food Locker as the Annual Firemen’s
Supper. Lynn Smith, Roy Hopkins, and Rodney Deaner will be
collecting this year.

Lewis McDearmon, Chairman of the Water Committee, reportéd
that his Committee has met with David Garrett. They
recommend we accept the van from the County. They also
recommended that other bids for a new engine be obtained by
David Garrett.

