1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, June 12, 2023, at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, and Timothy W. Garrett.

Absent - Nathan A. Simpson

Others present:  Reverend Carlton Duck, Charles Conrad, Michelle Romanac, Kenny Ford, Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager; Roxanne W.
Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Public Hearing:  Mayor Conner opened the public hearing by reading the purpose:

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the following:

  Amendment to the FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-
2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget amendment by the
Town of Appomattox for FY 2023:

General Fund Expenditures Amendments
Total Expenditures Amendments

$501,311.00
$501,311.00

General Fund Revenue Amendments
Total Revenue Amendments

$501,311.00
$501,311.00

Documentation is available at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Town Office, 210 Linden
Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If there are any questions,
please contact R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

There were no public comments made or received during the public comment period.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Reverend Duck led the Prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments: “Welcome everyone and one note, Wednesday, June 14, 2023, is Flag Day.
The Flag of the United States represents our country, our commonwealth, and our community
and all that we have achieved and all that we stand for.  May we as a body do more to improve
each aspect of our lives in our community, commonwealth, country.”

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Michelle Romanac, 219 North Avenue, Appomattox – Citing she has lived at the address listed
since she was 18 years old.  She had repairs done last year (to her pool) and it wasn’t done
properly.  She had hired a new company this year.  It is a very large pool, and she averages about
9 pool fillings per year.  She is requesting an amendment to the policy for repairs, etc.  She also
cited confusion in the mail delivery as there is 219 North Avenue and 219 Plant Drive.  The
sewer bill is over $600.00.  Citing she is single, works hard, cannot afford $600 for sewer.

Mrs. Puckette asked for clarification on the policy.  Mr. McGhee responded that the sewer
charges were adjusted for the first three (3) fillings.  Mr. Elder suggested an irrigation meter for
the pool filings.  The connection would require a meter, backflow, and RPZ device.

Ms. Romanac thanked Council for their time.  Mayor Conner will advise of a future decision.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for June 12, 2023 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business:

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt Resolution 2023-
003 to amend the FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2023 Operating Budget for the General
Fund for the Church Street Sidewalk project, litter grant, VRSA grant, and Aid to the Police
Department.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time.

3.   NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2023 Operating Budget for the General Fund:

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

General Fund Expenditures
10-5000-7091
10-4800-6300
10-4700-7081
Net Increase in Budget

Capital Improvements – General
Litter Grant
VRSA Grant

General Fund Revenues
10-3901-0000
10-3811-0000
10-3812-0000
10-3604-0000
Net Increase in Budget

Use of Undesignated Revenue
Litter Grant
VRSA Grant
Aid to Police Grant

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$
$

500,000.00
      -264.00
    1,575.00
501,311.00

495,369.00
      -264.00
    1,575.00
    4,631.00
501,311.00

SECTION XIII:  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox,
Virginia that the Fiscal Year 2023 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies
necessary to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council
and maintained as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of
Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2023.

Attest:
_____________________________________
Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes, Boyce – yes, Allen – yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
adopting the FY 2024 Budget for the Town of Appomattox:

AN APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION OF THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL
ADOPTING THE FISCAL YEAR 2023-2024 BUDGET FOR THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VA.

SECTION I:
WHEREAS, Section 5-72, Appomattox Town Code and Section 15.2-2503, Code of Virginia,
require that the governing body shall approve the budget and fix a tax rate for the budget year no
later than the date on which fiscal year begins; and,

SECTION II:
WHEREAS, the proposed Fiscal Year 2023-2024 Budget was published on May 3, 2023 and
May 10, 2023 in the Times-Virginian, Appomattox, Virginia, pursuant to Section 15.2-2506,
Code of Virginia, and public hearing was subsequently held on the proposed budget on Tuesday,
May 23, 2023;

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

SECTION III:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council meeting in a
Regular Council Meeting on Monday, June 12, 2023, does hereby approve the following General
Fund Expenditures by Category for Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

GENERAL FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Council
Administrative & Town Office
Professional
Police
Tourism
Fire Department
Public Works & Town Shop
Sanitation
Property Maintenance & Construction
Town Shop
Events & Contributions
Zoning
Town Office
TOTAL GENERAL FUND EXPENSES

58,925.
649,830.
150,000.
126,985.
87,500.
46,000.
1,180,643.
159,000.
611,361.
0.
25,000.
 58,150.
0.
3,153,394.

SECTION IV:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby establishes the
property tax rate at $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for real estate, $.45 per $100.00 of
assessed value for personal property, $.45 per $100.00 of assessed value for machinery and tools,
and $.11 per $100.00 of assessed value for mobile homes; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 58.1-
3524(C)(2) and Section 58.1-3912(E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter 1 of the
Acts of Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in Item 503.E (Personal Property Tax
Relief Program) of Chapter 951 of the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused
within the Town commencing January 1, 2023, shall receive personal property tax relief in the
following manner:

•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,000 or less will be eligible for 100% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $1,001 to $20,000 will be eligible for 44.1% tax relief;
•  Personal use vehicles valued at $20,001 or more shall only receive 44.1% tax relief on

the first $20,000 of value; and

•  All other vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use

vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of tax
relief under this program.

SECTION V:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following General Fund revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

GENERAL FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Current Taxes – Real Estate
Current Taxes – Personal Property
Delinquent Taxes
Penalties & Interest
Public Service Corporation
Bank Stock Tax
Meals Tax
Lodging Tax
Consumption Tax
Cigarette Tax
Vehicle License Tax
Business License
Zoning
Communications Tax
Interest
Rental of Misc. Property
Rolling Stock Tax
Sales Tax
Aid to Police Department (HB599)
Fire Programs
Personal Prop Tax Relief Act State Funds
Visitor Center
Mobile Home Titling Tax
Trash Can Fees
Miscellaneous
State DMV Fees
Town DMV Fees
Downtown Revitalization Grant
Litter Grant
Transfer from Reserve
Other Reimbursable
TOTAL GENERAL FUND REVENUES

165,000.
 85,000.
1,000.
5,000.
7,000.
 190,000.
1,300,000.
70,000.
7,000.
140,000.
25,000.
200,000.
1,000.
4,000.
10,000.
6,000.
3,000.
90,000.
50,631.
15,000.
23,107.
0.
200.
4,500.
1,000.
2,500.
2,000.
380,161.
1,500.
363,295.
500.
3,153,394.

SECTION VI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

WATER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Water Department
TOTAL WATER EXPENDITURES

2,937,927.
2,937,927.

6  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

SECTION VII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Water Fund Revenue estimates for Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

WATER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Water Sales
Connection Fees
Penalty Fees
Availability Fees
Reconnect Fees
Miscellaneous
Interest
Interest Revenue (GASB87)
Lease Revenue (GASB87)
Rental of Misc. Property
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Undesignated Fund Balance
Church Street Waterline Grant – DHCD
Church Street Grant Proceeds – Rural Dev.
Church Street Loan Proceeds – Rural Dev.
TOTAL WATER REVENUES

380,000.
8,000.
20,000.
10,000.
0.
500.
4,000.
8,700.
8,800.
20,000.
35,000.
147,927.
670,000.
1,125,000.
500,000.
2,937,927.

SECTION VIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Expenditures for Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

SEWER FUND; EXPENDITURES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Department
TOTAL SEWER EXPENDITURES

1,851,803.
1,851,803.

SECTION IX:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby approve the
following Sewer Fund Revenue estimates for the Fiscal Year 2023-2024;

SEWER FUND; REVENUES BY CATEGORY:
Sewer Sales
Connection Fees
Availability Fees
Interest
Intergovernmental Revenue
Use of Undesignated Funds
USDA Grant Proceeds 1
TOTAL SEWER REVENUES

880,000.
2,500.
7,500.
5,000.
2,500.
84,304.
869,999.
1,851,803.

7  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

SECTION X:
The salaries, wages and allowances set out in said Budget are hereby authorized as per the terms
of the town’s classification and merit system as approved compensation for officers and
employees for services rendered, unless hereafter otherwise provided by ordinance; provided
however, that the Town Manager is authorized to make such rearrangement of positions in the
several departments named in the Budget, in respect to officers and employees appointed by
his/her as may best meet the needs and interests of the Town and after approval by Council.

SECTION XI:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council may amend the Fiscal Year
2023-2024 Town Budget from time to time pursuant to Section 15.2-2507, Code of Virginia;
and,

SECTION XII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year Budget for 2023-2024 is hereby adopted, effective July 1, 2023 and the monies necessary
to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained
as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.

Adopted this 12th day of June, 2023.

Attest:

Roxanne W. Casto, Town Clerk                           Richard C. Conner, Mayor

Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes, Boyce – yes, Allen – yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to award the 2023
Contract for Grass Mowing to RSG Landscaping, LLC for $43,788.22 for the FY 2024.
Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes, Boyce – yes, Allen – yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to proceed with the
exterior historic paint colors of the Appomattox Train Depot in the amount of $21,696.95.
Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes, Boyce – yes, Allen – yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA):
On a recommendation of the American Rescue Plan Act committee, Council voted to award the
generators for the Town Office and Town Shop to Woodridge Heating & Air, Inc., and the
propane tanks to Foster Fuels.  Roll Call Vote:  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Puckette – yes,
Boyce – yes, Allen – yes.  Motion carried 5-0.

8  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
June 12, 2023

Finance and Planning Committee - none

Physical Development Committee – none

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided an update on the following items:

  A complete copy of his self-assessment was provided to all Council members.  The first

portion is his self-assessment, and the remainder is a planning tool.
  Dominion Seven is progressing on the Town Hall Feasibility Study.
  Tiger Fuel accepted the Town’s offer to purchase land adjacent to the Public Works

property.

  The remainder of the funding needed for the Church Street Waterline will be in the form

of a low interest loan from Rural Development.

  Employees and Visitors are back to using the regular entrances at the depot.  The roof,

decking and soffits are all either complete or nearly complete.
June 13 – 15, he will be attending a Brownfield Conference in Danville, VA.


  Twelve letters for an urgent care provider were mailed on June 7, 2023.

Council Comment:
Mrs. Allen inquired about a Goodwill location returning to Appomattox or a donation box for
residents for unwanted clothing.

Mr. Boyce - none

Ms. Spiggle reminded everyone of the event on July 1, 2023.  The Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department and Liberty Baptist Church will be holding events at Liberty Field on Lee Grant
Avenue from 5:30 p.m. – 10:00 p.m. Fireworks will be displayed at 9:30 p.m.

Mr. Garrett - none

Mrs. Puckette stated the Town is in a good place with the Church Street Waterline and Depot
projects.  The Town will be celebrating its 100-year anniversary on June 2, 2025.

Mr. McGhee commented on the need to schedule the Town picnic in Abbitt Park.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 7:18 pm.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

