1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 27, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, May 23, 2023 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Town Hall, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present: Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Claudia G. Puckette, and Nathan A. Simpson (via phone).

Others present: Carlton Duck; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry
McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

DISCUSSION:

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to approve an out-of-town
water connection at 460 Somerset Drive in Woodchase Subdivision.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Staff discussed with Council the request for a sewer connection at 117 Sunrise Street.  By the
consensus of Council, Staff will continue to price and research the project for the customer.

COUNCIL COMMENTS:

Jane T. Allen wished everyone a happy 4th of July – Be safe!

James J. Boyce is so glad to see the fence disappearing on Church Street.  In light of the action
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, it would be incumbent upon this Town
Council to adopt a resolution of support.

Timothy W. Garrett – none

Claudia G. Puckette commented that the depot is looking fantastic.

Nathan A. Simpson – none

Mary Lou Spiggle – invited the public to the July 1, 2023 events sponsored by the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department and Liberty Baptist Church beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the Liberty
Field on Lee Grant Avenue.  Fireworks will begin at 9:30 p.m.

Mayor Conner commented if you see any bears in the Town, please get in touch with the game
warden.

STANDING COMMITTEE REPORTS:

Finance and Planning/ARPA – None

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 27, 2023

STAFF REPORTS:

Mr. Elder-none

Kim Ray-Provided the May 2023 financial report.  The truck identified in the Captial
Improvement Plan arrived yesterday.  The new water rate increases are effective July 1, 2023.
The ACH option for vendors may be available in the 2nd quarter of FY 2024.  An inventory audit
is scheduled for July 5, 2023.

Mr. McGhee also reported on the following items:

•  On July 10, 2023, Town Council will hold a public hearing and pass a resolution to

borrow funds at a low interest rate for the Church Street Waterline project.

•  Downtown Revitalization Grant is ongoing.  The Town is receiving many compliments

from residents regarding how friendly the contractors are being.

•  The historical paint colors of the Town Depot will begin once all the other work is

complete.

•  Spoke with the Superintendent of the National Park Service and no agreement is in effect

to take care of the historical outlook along the connector road at Walmart.

•  Four responses have been received from the letters sent to urgent care providers.
•  Provided an update on the Virginia Brownfield Conference held in Danville, Virginia.
•  Received a request from Bruce Boone for $7,000 for streetlights in front of the old

elementary school.  Council asked who would own the lights and who would provide
maintenance.  Mr. McGhee will seek answers to those questions.

CLOSED SESSION:

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, the Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion of the performance of a specific public appointee of the Town, specifically
being Appointee A.

Roll call vote:  Boyce – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Allen – yes, Puckette – yes, Garrett –
yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was reopened to the public.

Certification:
To the best of each member’s knowledge, the only subjects just discussed or considered in the
preceding closed meeting were those: (i) lawfully exempted from the FOIA Act’s open-meeting
requirements and (ii) properly identified in the motion that convened the closed meeting,
pursuant to the Virginia Code Section 2.2-3712 (D).

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
June 27, 2023

Roll call vote:  Boyce – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Allen – yes, Puckette – yes, Garrett –
yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

ADJOURNMENT:

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.
All council members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

