PI MEME TIGGER oT MAPOR IU, tYso .

203

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, March 10, 1986, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present: R. L, Bass, Ray Noble, Martin Webb, S. E. Carter,
R. C. Hubbard and H. W. Conner.

Others present: Bil] Burke, Freddy Godsey, Frances Abbitt,
Bernard Proctor, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk,

The meeting was opened-with a prayer,

On a motion by Mr, Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the
Agenda with the following additions to Old Business: 3. Blue Gross-Blue Shield
New Business: 4. Ball Park; and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the
minutes of the February regular meeting as submitted and al] members
present voting aye. Motion carried,

On a motfon by Mr, Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council approved the
Financial Statement for January, 1986, and those present voting aye.
Motion carried,

_ Mr. Bill Burke appeared before Council] to discuss the Proposed Trade Show
scheduled for April 26th. They are requesting permission to have a Parade
and to close a portion of Main Street all day. Also, they are requesting
the Town to donate the two Port-a-Johns and extra police protection.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council approved
the request from the Chamber of Commerce to obtain permission from the
Virginia Department of Highways to close Main Street from the "Gallery"
at the Lee Street Intersection to the Main Street intersection with
Church Street on April 26th, from 9:00 A.M. until 4:00 P.M.

Bass-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Conner-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Counci] voted to
request permission from the Highway Department, to have a Parade on
April 26, 1986, at 11:00 A.M. and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

A request from the Chamber of Commerce to use the building on the

fourth Tuesday was referred to the Property Comnittee for their study and
recommendations by a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble,

and all those present voting aye. Motion carried,

Freddy Godsey, Fire Chief, appeared before Council to present their
revised By-Laws, for the Council's Study and recommendations.

On a motion. by Mr, Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
refer the By-Laws to the Fire Committee for their study and recommendations
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
