1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, May 29, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, May 29, 2012 at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, and Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others present:  Claudia Puckette, Stephanie James, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew,
Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; Roxanne
W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – The committee did not meeting during the month of May 2012.

Physical Development – The Committee met today, May 29, 2012 and discussed several
agreements.

Staff Updates
Town Manager – Mr. Gillespie provided Council with an update of the Town Shop
Buildings that are currently under construction and the ongoing sewer smoke testing.

Treasurer – None at this time.

Clerk of Council – Reminded Council of the VML Newly Elected Officials Conference
in Henrico County – July 26 – 28, 2012.

Council Concerns
Councilmember Conner spoke of the new tourism video that will be coming out soon.  It
is a cost effective proposal that will include footage of the Museum of the Confederacy
and focus on Appomattox as a day trip.

Ms. Bennett asked Mr. Gillespie if he could meet with a representative from the Museum
of the Confederacy to discuss additional signage.  She also reported that the Museum of
the Confederacy will be sending a representative to the Visitor Information Center to
volunteer.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

