1  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
October 23, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Council Workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 23,
2018 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Jonathan D. Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett and Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  Steven T. Conner

Others present:  Don Austin & Brian Casto, VDOT; Bif Johnson and Stacie Castro, Hurt &
Proffitt, Inc.; Nathan Simpson, Nick Walton, Carlton duck, Susan Adams, County Administrator;
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Smart Scale Project – Route 131 Roadside Improvements –
Mr. Shanaberger introduced Don Austin and Brian Casto with VDOT to discuss the Smart Scale
project – Route 131 Roadside Improvement project.

The costs to the Town will be for maintenance of lighting and location desired and types of
landscaping.  This information will better aid the Town in knowing how much funding will be
needed in the future budget cycles.  AECom will offer suggestions for lighting and landscaping
for the Town’s consideration.  Mr. Boyce requested background information for this project.  Mr.
Casto, VDOT explained that the town submitted an application for the Smart Scale project.  The
project will be broken into three (3) phases.  1 – This presentation of Route 131, 2 – Roundabout
on Confederate Blvd and Old Courthouse Road, 3 – Connector over the Route 24 bridge to tie
together bridge with potential trails.

This is a street scape project that was scored based on merits.  This project scored high for
economic development, safety and pedestrian traffic/trails.  The Smart Scale project is
completely funded by VDOT.  The Town will be responsible for maintenance of lighting and
landscaping.  There are no matching funds for the project.  The town was very fortunate to
receive this project.  The application was great!

The goal of this meeting was to acknowledge the very early design phase and gain the Town’s
input on maintenance of landscaping and lighting.  VDOT will continue to invite Mr.
Shanaberger to each project meeting.  The Preliminary Field Inspection is scheduled for early
Spring 2019.

Council thanked the VDOT and AECom Representatives for sharing this update.

Utility Rate Study –
Mr. Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. discussed with Council the Rate Study scenarios.  He
presented neighboring community data and discussed the real difference between the flat vs.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
October 23, 2018

tiered structure.  The flat structure has the residential customers carrying the burden of the
system at a rate of 56%.  While the businesses are carrying 32%.  The tiered structure would
close the gap somewhat.  Mr. Johnson also reminded Council that after the first increase, it is
only 3% per year.

Mr. Johnson received questions from Council.

Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Johnson and Ms. Castro for this additional information.  This
clarified this very well.  It makes it more palatable.

Council thanked Mr. Johnson and Ms. Castro for attending the meeting.

Appomattox Magazine –
Mr. John Redding, President, Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce spoke to Council the
Appomattox Magazine.  The Chamber has distributed nearly all of the 3,200 copies from the first
printing.  The Chamber would like to apply for a Virginia Tourism Corporation (VTC) grant
program.  The Chamber would be the lead partner and the County of Appomattox has already
agreed to partner and the Town appears to be the obvious choice.  The minimum financial
contribution is $250.00.  The grant application is due November 7, 2018.  Mayor Harvey
expressed support for $1000 from the Town.  Mrs. Puckette and Ms. Spiggle agreed to support
the project at $1,000.00.  This is a better project than some received.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to partner with
Appomattox County and the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce and provide $1000 for
the Appomattox Magazine.
Roll call vote:  J. Garrett – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 5-0.

Budget Resolution:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a budget
resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the Sewer Fund for FY 2018-2019 for
the carry forward of engineering fees from FY 2018:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the Sewer

Fund for FY 2018-2019 for the carry forward of engineering fees from FY 2018

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby amend
the FY 2019 Operating Budget for the Sewer Fund for FY 2018-2019 for the carry forward of
funding for incomplete projects

3  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
October 23, 2018

Sewer Expenditures
31-7000-6141 I&I Project – Engineering

Total Net Increase in Expenditure Budget

Sewer Fund Revenues
31-5901-0000 Use of Beginning Balance

                 100,000

                $100,000

               $100,000

Total Net Increase in Revenue Budget

               $100,000

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2019 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 23rd day of October 2018.
Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

All voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Committee Reports –
The Finance and Planning Committee and the Physical Development Committee met on October
17, 2018 to discuss the Utility Rate Study and the Liberty Baptist Church Park Master Plan.

Council Concerns:

Mr. Boyce expressed concerns of Downtown Traffic.  Would it be possible to change the traffic
to one-way on Harrell Street behind Main Street and install a Two-Way Stop Sign at the corner
of Church Street and Main Street?  Council requested Mr. Shanaberger write a letter to VDOT.

Mr. T. Garrett advised that the Varsity Football game has been moved to Thursday of this week
due to weather.

Mr. J. Garrett informed Council of the rescue of a juvenile and parent out of the creek near the
Trickling Filter Plant during the recent rain.

Staff Reports –

Mr. Elder – none

Mrs. Casto – none

4  Appomattox Town Council
Council Workshop Meeting
October 23, 2018

Mrs. Ray – provided the September 2018 Financial Report.  She has also received a
demonstration from a financial software company and continues to analyze other companies.

Mr. Shanaberger briefed Council on the following items:

➢  Continuing to work on the Downtown Revitalization Grant.
➢  Whitney Burney, WSET Channel 13 will be in Appomattox on Thursday to visit
with the architects and Mayor Harvey regarding a story on the Train Depot.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:35 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

