1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
October 9, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Tuesday, October 9, 2018 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Jonathan D. Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Nathan Simpson, Information Technology
Technician; Nick Walton, Mr. Don Wilk, Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town
Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey reminded the audience of the upcoming Appomattox Railroad Festival this
weekend, October 13 and 14, 2018.  He also mentioned the good turn out for the Depot meeting
held on October 4, 2018.  Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Shanaberger and Mr. Boyce for attending
the annual Virginia Municipal League Conference.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for October 9, 2018 with the addition of 1B – Consideration to approve $100,000 for
Sewer Engineering fees.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
Mr. Shanaberger explained the need for $100,000 for additional engineering fees associated with
the Trickling Filter Plant and Water Reclamation Facility improvements.  The additional funding
is completely reimbursable when the loan is closed.  This is merely a function of keeping the
project moving.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to approve $100,000 for
engineering fees to complete the Inflow and Infiltration project associated with the Trickling
Filter Plant and Water Reclamation Facility Improvements.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
October 9, 2018

Standing Committee Reports:
A joint Finance & Planning and Physical Development Committee meeting has been scheduled
for Wednesday, October 17, 2018.  Mr. J. Garrett reported that he would be unable to attend.

Citizen Comment Period:
Mr. Don Wilk – 1848 Church Street spoke to the following items:

The Town Website does not list all meetings & information and he wanted to know the

best option to obtain this information.  Mr. Simpson, Information Technology Technician
interjected that he would have that information posted as soon as possible and timely moving
forward.  Mr. Wilk also questioned the maintenance of the Courtland Festival Park.  He was
advised to speak with Mrs. Adams, County Administrator regarding drainage and landscaping
fabric.  Lastly, he invited the Council members to 1848 Church Street over the festival weekend
to see what’s new at the Main Street Market.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

➢  He attended a meeting with VDOT regarding the Smart Scale project on Old Courthouse
Road.  VDOT will be attending the Town Council Workshop meeting on October 23,
2018 to provide an update of the project.

➢  He and Mr. Boyce attended the annual Virginia Municipal League Conference in

Hampton, Virginia.

➢  He is also looking forward the Railroad Festival activities this weekend.
➢  The Facilities (Public Works) Department is holding down the fort while Mr. Elder is

recovering.

Council Concerns:

Mr. Boyce expressed concern of the zoning ordinance that does not allow for fencing on a corner
lot.  Mr. Shanaberger is currently working on this issue with the property owner.

Mr. Boyce also expressed concern of the fence on Church Street near the intersection with
Harrell Street.  He feels the Town may be ultimately responsible if there is an accident at this
intersection because people are unable to see around the fence.

Mr. Boyce truly appreciated the experience of the VML Conference and meeting others from
small towns.

Mr. Conner expressed concerns of people blowing grass into the street and not moving trash cans
back after the trash has been collected.  Mr. Shanaberger advised Council that staff does send out
a friendly reminder.

Mr. Boyce asked if the Times Virginian newspaper would be agreeable to putting an ordinance
in the paper once a week to educate town residents.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
October 9, 2018

Mr. J. Garrett invited everyone to stop by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department on
Thursday, October 11, 2018 around 11:30 a.m. as Denver Riggleman would be stopping by on
his way from Farmville, Virginia.

Mr. J. Garrett also inquired if a reminder about open burning could be added to a reminder if one
was sent to town residents.

Ms. Spiggle reminded everyone of the Appomattox Railroad Festival this weekend.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council adjourned at 8:00 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

