ref: reel_02_0269
date: 1952-06-16
content: JUNE 1952 MEETING

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Mayor's Office on June 16, 1952, with Mayor G. B. Buchanan, presiding. The following members were present: Dr. C. F. James, J. C. Caldwell, J. E. Jamerson, C. T. Moss, Jr., J. T. Almond and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. S. C. Arrington and his delegation appeared before the Council for the purpose of getting an approved street by their property by deeding the street to the Town of Appomattox; a motion was made by Dr. James, seconded by J. T. Almond that the matter be referred to the Street Committee for their recommendations. Motion carried.

Mr. Joe LeGrand and his delegation appeared before the Council and asked that Maple Street be improved. Motion made by Dr. James, seconded by J. T. Almond that matter be referred to the Street Committee for their recommendation. Motion carried.

There was some discussion about how to get the past due water bills paid. It was suggested that a penalty of $0.50 be added to all unpaid bills at the end of the month. The Council did not take any action on this matter.

A building permit was approved for E. O. Johnson to erect a house on Lucy Street, to cost approximately $5,000.00.

There being no further business the meeting was adjourned to meet again at the regular meeting date, July 21, 1952.

Signed G. B. Buchanan Mayor

Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk

JULY 1952 (Special Meeting)

A special meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held in the Mayor's Office, on July 1, with Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding. The following members were present: Dr. C. F. James, J. C. Caldwell, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, and J. T. Almond.

The Amended By-Laws and Charter were approved. (See attached copy)

The question of the parking signs next to Hunter-Dickerson's store came up for discussion. A motion was made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by Dr. James that the parking signs be changed from "No Parking" to "15 minutes Parking". Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned.

Signed G. B. Buchanan Mayor

Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19753
record_id: 773
page_number: 1

