ref: reel_03_0528
date: 1979-09-10
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, September 10, 1979, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, T. W. Lawson, R. L. Bass, S. E. Carter, M. E. Gordon, and T. E. Conner.

Also present were: Mr. & Mrs. Shearer Robertson, O. B. Garris, Beck Hudson, B. H. Mullins, Clerk, and W. R. Britton, Jr., Town Manager.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Hubbard, the Agenda with the following additions was approved:

1. Pigeons
2. Governor's Dinner Meeting
3. Sleeves for Water and Sewer Lines under By-Pass

Mr. & Mrs. Shearer Robertson, and O. B. Garris appeared before Council to complain about the drainage situation on South Church Street. They requested the Town Council to take steps to correct the situation. Mr. O. B. Garris requested some financial help towards his loss as a result of the water damage in his store. He presented an estimate bill for his loss.

The minutes of the regular Council meeting were approved with a correction of S. E. Carter's attendance at the meeting.

The minutes of the Special Call were approved with one correction; that being in paragraph 12, about Virten, LTD. instead of Sewage it should be Inflow and Infiltration.

Mr. Britton reported on the Barger & Pulliam's sites. He has written both parties. He has received no written response from Barger, other than a verbal statement that they will not sell. Mr. Pulliam has written a letter stating that if VEPCO goes across his property, he will have no alternative but to stop negotiations with the Town.

Mr. Britton reported that the Sewer Ordinance is all in order and has been presented to our attorney, Mr. Kerr. He also reported that the State Water Control Board has said the Pulliam property is not favorable at this time, but they are doing more tests.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, the Council accepted the Report on the Examination of the Financial Condition for 1978, as submitted by Brockman, Drinkard, and Pennington.

Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Conner-aye Motion carried unanimous.

Mr. Britton reported on the Cross-Connection & Backflow Prevention Ordinance. He would like to make an inspection of businesses and industries. It was the general consensus of Council, to have Mr. Britton check the businesses and industries.

Mr. Britton report the final grant to HUD for the Waterline is in, we have been approved, but have not received the letter to expend the funds yet.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted not to pay Mr. Garris's bill for damages. They will submit the bills to our Insurance Company for payment under the Liability policy.
chunk_id: 20674
record_id: 1694
page_number: 1

