ref: reel_03_0531
date: 1979-09-26
content: The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Wednesday, September 26, 1979, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: T. E. Conner, S. E. Carter, R. L. Bass, T. W. Lawson, and R. C. Hubbard. Absent–M. E. Gordon.

Also present were: Dr. James C. May & Bernie Proctor, May-Hines & Associates, Dr. S. R. Lawson, Chrm. Board of Supervisors, Mrs. Louise Barger, and Mrs. Becky Burke, Town Manager W. R. Britton, Jr., and Clerk. H. G. Lawson came in late.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner the agenda for the meeting was adopted and all voted aye.

Dr. Lawson came before Council to inform them that the Board of Supervisors have approved construction of the Regional Wastewater Facility but with one condition that the Town ask for a waiver from the State Water Control Board to move the site further downstream. He stated the County would give their full support and backing to get this waiver.

Mr. Britton reported on the Highway Department’s findings on the Drainage Survey of South Church Street. They do feel that a larger line needs to be installed with a possible change in direction. The Highway Department will not take part in an emergency line, due to Engineering problems, but would have no objections to the Town installing said line. He also informed Council that their Insurance Company will pay Mr. Garris’s claim for damages.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard to turn this problem over to the Street Committee and the Town Manager to study and make a decision as to what should be done, and to pay whatever the costs from Revenue Sharing Funds.

Conner–aye Carter–aye Bass–aye Lawson–aye Hubbard–aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to adopt the amendment and re-enactment to Sec. 4-7, Bird Sanctuary, to delete pigeons from the protected species, as advertised for two weeks in the local paper.

Conner–aye Carter–aye Bass–aye Lawson–aye Hubbard–aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported on the joint Water and Sewer Committee meetings. The Committees recommendation is that a full study be done, but forced sewer and water lines be studied and costs be brought back to Council. The costs could be incorporated in the 1980 Budget.

Mr. Britton informed Council that he was appointed to several Committees of the Virginia Municipal League with regard to HUD Regulations and the Health Department requirements on wells. It was the general consensus of Council that Mr. Britton serve on these Committees.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Bass, to refer to the Property Committee the request to sell the grey metal desk in Council Chambers and give them the authority to act.
chunk_id: 20677
record_id: 1697
page_number: 1

