ref: reel_03_0841
date: 1983-06-13
content: On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted that the Town Ball Park be used for Softball and Baseball Activities only, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to advertize the 'old lights from the Ball Park' for sale, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Council gave Mr. Johnson permission to obtain prices and bids on some other work at the Ball Park and bring them back to Council.

Mr. Bernard Procter, James C. May & Associates reported to Council on the Grant proposals. He feels that the only way to obtain more points would be to include the sewer line at Meadowlark Subdivision and change the grant proposal figure.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to adopt the following resolution: See copy attached to minutes.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried.

Council discussed the purchase of the Telephone System for the Office.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to purchase the 308 Tie System from Contel as a turn key job with the addition of the Speaker-phone and conference card, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to advertize their intent to amend Section 13.1A of the Town Code concerning Property tax, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council voted to amend the Town Zoning Ordinance on Mobile Homes and Mobile Home Parks. (See copy in Council file-June 1983).

Bass-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

Council requested Mr. Britton to check on the parking problem on Morton Lane and bring the information back to Council.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to table Item 2, New Business and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20858
record_id: 1878
page_number: 1

