ref: reel_02_0334
date: 1958-03-03
content: Motion made by C. Lewis McDearmon seconded by John S. Grinels, that the Town of Appomattox offer a reward of $5.00 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of any person or persons destroying or damaging parking meters or any property belonging to the Town of Appomattox. Motion Carried.

Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, That the parking meters be put in force on Monday, February 24, 1958, at 8:00 o'clock A.M. The minimum fine for any parking offense will be $1.00. Motion Carried.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed: S. Hunter Dickerson, Mayor
Chas. T. Moses, Jr.

Signed: C. J. Hunter, Clerk

FEBRUARY MEETING

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on February 17, 1958, at 7:30 P.M., with the President, T. Hunter Dickerson presiding.

The following members were present: J. C. Caldwell, G. E. Smith, C. Lewis McDearmon, John S. Grinels and C. G. Poe.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of March 17, 1958.

Signed: Chas. T. Moses, Jr., Mayor
Chas. T. Moses, Jr.

Signed: C. J. Hunter, Clerk
C. J. Hunter

SPECIAL MEETING

A Special Meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on March 3, 1958, at 5:00 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding. The following members were present: J. C. Caldwell, C. Lewis McDearmon, T. Hunter Dickerson, G. E. Smith, C. G. Poe and John S. Grinels.

Motion was made by J. C. Caldwell, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the following Ordinance be passed. No person, firm or corporation shall park or leave standing a motor vehicle, trailer or semi-trailer or other objects on the streets of the Town of Appomattox within the corporate limits where parking meters are installed except in the spaces marked for meter parking, and then only when the proper meter charges
chunk_id: 19818
record_id: 838
page_number: 1

