ref: reel_03_0603
date: 1980-12-18
content: engineer to notify the State Water Control Board that if the additional funding should jeopardize its Step 4 status, then Council should be so advised prior to the execution of the State's certification of this project.

Carson-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to accept the legal services agreement with Mr. W. S. Kerr for the work performed on the FmHA loan for the Town's portion of the Sewerage Treatment Project. (Copy filed in Council file dated December 1980).

Carson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Procter briefed Council on his proposed budget for the Sewer Department as required by E. P. A.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to approve the proposed water and sewer rates as drawn up by May-Himes & Associates and recommended for approval by the Water and Sewer Committees for 1981. Copy filed in Council file dated December 1980.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to buy a tank for the Fire Department for the 1970 Tanker Truck owned jointly by the Town and County at a costs of $500.00 and the Town's share being $125.00.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to set the 1981 Town Tax Rates as follows:

Real Estate ............................ .20 per 100.00
Personal Property ...................... .55 per 100.00
Machinery & tools ..................... 1.10 per 100.00
Mobile Homes .......................... .20 per 100.00

Carson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to add the 6% increase on the $1200.00 in the Nash's & Harris Salary, which will amount to $72.00 each, add this extra to the Proposed Wages for 1981, and reflect the increase in the Budget for 1981.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council adopted the 1981 Proposed Wages with the change as previously requested and that a copy be made a part of these minutes. (See copy in Council file-dated December 1980).
chunk_id: 20712
record_id: 1732
page_number: 1

