1  Public Hearing

Monday, September 13, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a joint public hearing with the Appomattox County
Planning Commission on Monday, September 13, 2010 at 6:30 p.m. at the Carver Price
Educational Complex, 132 Price Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.

Council Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr. and
Mayor Paul D. Harvey.

Planning Commission Members present:  Steve Conner, Earl Dickerson, Calvin Tanner, Marvin
Mitchell, Susan Hudson, Barry Morris, Michael Wirth, and Chairman George Almond.

Others:  Johnnie Roark, County Planner and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order.

Chairman Almond called the Planning Commission to order.

Mr. Almond stated the purpose of the public hearing:

CUP100006 – Delta Response Team, LLC
Delta Response Team, LLC, requests a conditional use permit to operate a private ambulatory
service (safety services, private) on property located at 698 Jones Street, Appomattox, Virginia
and is further identified as TM #64A2(4)1A.  The property is zoned M-1, Industrial Zoning
District and is approximately 9.59 acres in size.  The petition will be a joint public hearing with
the Town Council of Appomattox.  If approved, this will amend the Town of Appomattox’s
zoning ordinance to include the use “safety services, private” in Section 195-56 and to added to
Section 195-1, Definitions, the following definition for safety services, private:  Uses for the
conduct of safety and emergency services for the primary benefit of the public; privately owned
and operated, including emergency medical and ambulance services.

Mrs. Susan Walton, President & CEO – Delta Response stated that the business will be
providing mutual aid to the Appomattox County Volunteer Rescue Squad.  It will benefit the
community.  She is further requesting the application be approved to comply with proper zoning.

Mr. Johnnie Roark explained to the Planning Commission and Town Council that this would
become a permitted use in the M-1 District.

On a motion by Mr. Barry Morris, seconded by Mr. Calvin Tanner, the Planning Commission
voted to recommend the request as written.  Vote:  All present voting aye.  Motion carried.

The joint public hearing was considered closed.

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

