1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, September 13, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, September 13, 2010
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry,
Steven T. “Steve” Conner Joyce B. Bennett and C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others:  Lauren Mitchell, Courthouse Presbyterian Church; Ronnie Lankford, Bobbie Mullins,
Raymond Mullins, Bill Goodrich, June Goodrich, Hazel Thomas, Stephanie James, Barbara
Shelton, Chad Millner and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Lauren Mitchell, Courthouse Presbyterian Church, Appomattox, Virginia gave the invocation.

Mayor Harvey led the Pledge of Allegiance.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council
voted to adopt the consent agenda with the addition of NB #6 – Consideration to award
Engineering Services for the Museum of the Confederacy to WW Associates.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Citizens Comments – None

Mayor’s Comments – The sewer portion of the STAG grant has been awarded.  The water
portion should be awarded by the end of September 2010.

Public Appearances – None

Unfinished Business – None

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted to
ask the Joint Planning Commission to consider moving the monthly meetings to the second
Tuesday or the Fourth Monday of each month.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Utility Committee, Council voted to authorize the Town Utility
Department to purchase Orion water meters at a price not to exceed $39,000 for FY 2011 for
meter replacement.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to authorize the Mayor to execute an easement for a 20’ Force Main lying south on U.S.
Route 460 between the Green Meadows II, LLC and CVS #3515, Virginia, LLC and the Town
of Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, September 13, 2010

Region 2000 Local Government Council provided a draft Region 2000 Bicycle Plan for your
review and comments.  A public hearing is scheduled for Thursday, October 21, 2010 at 4:00
p.m. at the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council Conference Room, 828 Main
Street, 12th floor, Lynchburg, Virginia.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council voted
to select WW Associates to complete the sewer project on behalf of the Town of Appomattox for
the Museum of the Confederacy project (Phase II – Stag Grant).  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

Council Concerns –
Mr. Mayberry is receiving complaints regarding the length of time yard sale signs are left up
after the sale.

Ms. Bennett is concerned about yard sale material being left outside covered with tarps.
She would like the Ordinance Committee to review the complaint.

Mayor Harvey received an email regarding the possibility of having bi-weekly or monthly flea
markets.

Ms. Conner stated that he does not know if he is in favor of the Delta Response to operate as 911
in place of the rescue squad.  He doesn’t have a problem with the transport service.

Mr. McDearmon asked if the town approves the request does that mean it could go into any M-1
location.  If so, we need to think about that.

The Planning Commission can only recommend but the Town Council could impose conditions
for the Conditional Use Permit.

The Clerk will clarify the timelines of the Planning Commission recommendation and Town
Council approval.

The waterline progress is unknown at this time due to funding and grant application.

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adjourn at 7:55 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

