Page 2 of 3
Council Minutes - February 8, 1993

Mayor Spiggle re-appointed the Committee as originally appointed
with the exception of Mr. H. W. Conner to. serve instead of
Mr. Bass, other members to remain the same and Mr. Mitchell
to serve as Chairman. ;

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
referred the question of Business License for Peddlers and
Solicitors to the Ordinance Committee for their study and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted
to table Item 3, Street Committee Report until the next meeting
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Carter, Chairman of the Property Committee reported they
has met and looked at the 79 Chevrolet Pick-Up and without

a doubt any repair work done would be money wasted. Therefore,
they recommend that we look into replacing the truck as soon
as possible.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to accept the recommendation of the Property Committee
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to approve the appointment of an Ordinance Committee by the
Mayor and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ordinance Committee will consist of the following members:
W. H. Carson, Chairman, S. E. Lawson, and S. EB. Carter.

On a-motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to refer the Zoning Request from Nancy Lawson to the
Appomattox Planning Commission for their recommendation
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported that we have received three bids for
a 1993 Garbage Truck:

The Bids were as follows:

Cavalier Equipment 69,510.40
Sanco Heil 67,382.78
Enviro Equip Inc 70,900.00

153

SE

