ref: reel_03_0232
date: 1977-09-12
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, September 12, 1977 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

Members present were: M.J. House, Jr., R.C. Spiggle, R.L. Bass, Burke Guill, and T.E. Conner.

Those also present were Ms. Patsy Butler, and Patti Booker, members, Junior Woman's Club and Mr. Glen Morris, Virginia Employment Commission.

Ms. Butler presented a list of items for which they need the Town's help. See attached copy. Council agreed to help in any way possible.

Ms. Booker brought Council up-to-date on the Banquet to be held. A guest list was presented to Council to add whatever names they thought should be invited.

Mr. Glenn Morris, Virginia Employment Commission, appeared before Council to discuss the Unemployment Compensation and present the two alternatives available to the Town. After January 1, 1978, Political Subdivisions will come under this law. Council took no action at this time.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

The minutes of the Water Committee were read.

Mr. Britton reviewed the Water Storage Facilities, Financial Statement and the Town Financial Statement with Council.

Mr. Britton reported the Health Department took the two previous well sites and moved them back up the hill.

Council advised Mr. Britton to take an option on the property owned by Mr. Johnson.

Council discussed the well for the Water Storage Tank. Mr. Guill made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, with all members voting aye, to sink a test well on the Tank site as per a bid from Fred Jones Well Company.

Mr. Britton reported on the progress of the Water Tank access road. Flippo's has requested a 30 day extension because they claimed the road was not accessible. Council felt that now was not the time to grant an extension but advised the Town Manager to keep a record of inclement weather days and award them these days.

On a motion by Mr. House, seconded by Mr. Spiggle, to purchase the 3-M VQC II Copier.

Conner - aye House - aye Bass - aye Spiggle - aye Guill - aye

Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. House, with all members voting yes, to accept Mr. Ranson's bid for the Street Sweeper for $52.50.
chunk_id: 20423
record_id: 1443
page_number: 1

