1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 10, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, January 10, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson, Mary Lou G. Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.

Others:  Carlton Duck, Drew Dearing, Alive Media TV; Charles Conrad, Times Virginian; Frank
A. Wright, Jr., Town Attorney; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Christy
Torrence, Office Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Interim Town Manager/Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Mayor Conner opened the public hearing.

The purpose of this public hearing was to receive public comments concerning the following:
Amendment to the FY 2022 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-
2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget amendment by the Town
of Appomattox for FY 2022:

General Fund Expenditures Amendments                                      57,288.00
Water Fund Expenditures Amendments                                           6,100.00
Sewer Fund Expenditures Amendments                                           9,650.00
Total Expenditures Amendments                                               73,038.00

General Fund Revenue Amendments                                             57,288.00
Water Fund Revenue Amendments                                                 6,100.00
Sewer Fund Revenue Amendments                                                 9,650.00
Total Revenue Amendments                                                       73,038.00

Documentation is available at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Town Office, 210 Linden
Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If there are any questions, please
contact Roxanne W. Casto, Interim Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

Staff presentation:  Mrs. Casto stated the amendment is to accommodate the cost of living and to
alleviate any compression issues.

Questions from Council Members:  None

Council discussion:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to place the matter on a
future agenda for action.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 10, 2022

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Welcome everyone.  The Governor is calling for a 30-day extension to the emergency order for
the Commonwealth.  We will be adhering to the order.  The Town has continued its operations
despite the health of some in our community.

Scheduled Public Appearances - none

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for Monday, January 10, 2022 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business:

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a FY 2022 Budget
Amendment Resolution 2022-002:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2022 Operating Budget for the General
Fund, Water Fund, and Sewer Fund for funding of a 6% cost of living adjustment increase
along with adjustments within the pay structure to alleviate compression for the remainder of
FY 2022.

2.  WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend

the budget from time to time

3.   NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2022 Operating Budget for the General Fund, Water Fund, and Sewer Fund.

General Fund Expenditures
10-4100-1010
10-4100-2010
10-4100-2020
10-4100-2040
10-4500-1010
10-4500-2010
10-4700-1010
10-4700-2010
10-4700-2020

Administration Salaries
FICA
VRS
Life Ins.
Tourism Salaries
FICA
Public Works Salaries
FICA
VRS

$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$

17,550.00
1,200.00
750.00
200.00
1,463.00
250.00
31,625.00
2,250.00
1,500.00

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 10, 2022

10-4700-2040
Net Increase in Budget

Life Ins.

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

Water Fund Expenditures
30-6000-1010  Water Salaries
30-6000-2010
30-6000-2020
30-6000-2040
Net Increase in Budget

FICA
VRS
Life Ins.

Water Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Fund Expenditures
31-7000-1010
31-7000-2010
31-7000-2020
31-7000-2040
Net Increase in Budget

Sewer Salaries
FICA
VRS
Life Ins.

Sewer Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$
$

$
$

500.00
57,288.00

57,288.00
57,288.00

5,200.00
650.00
200.00
50.00
6,100.00

6,100.00
6,100.00

8,500.00
900.00
200.00
50.00
9,650.00

9,650.00
9,650.00

SECTION XIII:  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox,
Virginia that the Fiscal Year 2022 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies
necessary to fund it are hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council
and maintained as an archive document with the official minutes of the Town Council of
Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this ____ day of ______ 2022.

Attest:
_____________________________________
Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

Roll Call Vote:  Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – yes, Tilton
– yes.  Motion carried 6-0.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 10, 2022

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to reappoint Linda
Lipscomb to the Town of Appomattox Planning Commission, effective immediately with a term
ending December 31, 2026.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to amend the Code of the
Town of Appomattox, Chapter 190, thereof, entitled Water and Sewer, Article V – Wastewater
Treatment, specifically 190-121 Restricted Discharges.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to amend the Code of the
Town of Appomattox – Chapter 190, thereof, entitled Water and Sewer, Article V – Wastewater
Treatment, specifically 190-122 Categorical Pretreatment Standards.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Finance & Planning Committee - None
Physical Development Committee - None
ARPA Committee - None

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mrs. Casto reported on the following item:

➢  The Town of Appomattox Economic Development Authority has a vacancy.  The

vacancy will be posted and applicants for consideration will be presented at the February
7, 2022 Council meeting.

➢  A Town vacancy still exists on the Board of Zoning Appeals.  If you know of a Town

resident willing to fulfill this vacancy, please let me know.

➢  Mayor Conner, Mrs. Puckette, Mr. Garrett, Ms. Spiggle, and I attended the dedication
ceremony of Engine 1 by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department on Saturday,
January 8, 2022.

Council Comment:
Tilton – None

Boyce – None

Garrett – Our thoughts and prayers are for Rev. Duck and his family over the next few weeks.

Spiggle – Agreed with Mr. Garrett.

Simpson – None

Puckette – None

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 10, 2022

Closed Session:
On a motion by Garrett, seconded by Puckette, Council voted to convene in Closed Session for
consultation with legal counsel retained by the Town of Appomattox regarding specific legal
matters requiring the provision of legal advice by such counsel, specifically involving legal
issues relating to the hiring of a new Town Manager, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 8 of the
Code of Virginia.

Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting as reopened to the public.

Closed Session Certification:
Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Puckette and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council voted to
adjourn at 7:35 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

