BAX

te

Regular Meeting - March 8, 1999

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, March 8, 1999 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding. ,

Members present: S. E. Lawson, Joyce Bennett, R. L. Bass,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Norman Mayberry, and Marvin Mitchell,

Others present were: Cindy Smith, Times-Virginian, William
Phillips, Town Attorney, Earl Dickerson and Bif Johnson,
Hurt & Proffitt, David T. Garrett, Jr., and Bobbie H.
Mullins, Glerk.

Prior to the meeting at 7:15 PM Barbara Williams, Clerk of
the Circuit Court, administered the oath of office to C.
Lewis McDearmon,Jr. who was appointed to fill the unexpired
term of Rick Pack.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Bif Johnson and Barl Dickerson, Hurt & Proffitt, appeared
before Council to discuss the I & I problem on Annie
Street. DEQ is asking that even though we are upgrading
the Lagoon, we need to do something towards our Inflow and
Infiltration problem. He also discussed the Morris Avenue

- area with the same problem.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to combine the Annie Street I & I with the Morris
Avenue I & I, creating one project and advertise for bids,
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

David T. Garrett, Assistant Town Manager, made a report to
Council on several items including the vultures, visit from
DEQ at the plant, and odor at the Lagoon.

Steve Lawson, Chairman of the Ordinance Committee, reported
that they have met with the County and talked with the Dog
Warden and at this time, would like to recommend that the
Town not enact a leash law.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry,
Council voted to deny enactment of an ordinance as it
pertains to a leash law in the Town of Appomattox,and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

-_*~—
i
i
§

