1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 12, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 12, 2018
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin Finch, Steven T. Conner and
Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others present:  Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive Media TV; Carrie Dungan, News and
Advance; Nathan Harbin, Craig Wilson, Nathan Simpson, Tom Utz, Bob Goode, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne
W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Craig Wilson, President/CEO of Community Planning Partners, Inc. appeared before Council to
discuss the Downtown Revitalization Grant process the Town was engaged in with Region 2000
Local Government Council for the March 2017 application, which was not awarded to the Town
and how/if the Town would like to move forward with a Spring 2019 application submittal.

According to Mr. Shanaberger and Mr. Wilson, the Department of Housing and Community
Development (DHCD) encouraged the Town to reapply.  Community Planning Partners, Inc. has
a 80% success rate with application submittals being awarded and funded.

The biggest challenge the Town faced during the process was getting the businesses involved or
engaged in the program.  Another challenge the Town’s application faced was a disbursed
downtown area.

Mr. Wilson explained the next grant application would likely be March 2019 and there are
several things that need to occur before submission.

Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Wilson for the informative presentation.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey requested Mr. Shanaberger coordinate with Appomattox County a letter of
support to the Virginia Department of Transportation for the signs agreed upon by the Town to
recognize the Appomattox County High School State Champions and the monetary contribution
for the project.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 12, 2018

Mayor Harvey also received a letter from Laura Dawson regarding the Appomattox Vintage and
Artisans Market scheduled or Saturday, May 5 in the Courtland Festival Park.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Ms. Finch, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for Monday, February 12, 2018 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to donate $1000 to the
American Legion Post 104 to facilitate payment of their water bill.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to proceed with building
the restrooms at the Kiddie Park based on the bid received from Phillip Banton Builder, Inc. for a
cost not to exceed $88,186.67.  Garrett – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes, Conner
– no.  Motion carried 4-1.

The FY2019 Budget timeline for the Town of Appomattox was presented for discussion. There
was no discussion.

Standing Committee Reports:
The Physical Development Committee will meet on Tuesday, February 13, 2018 at 6:00 p.m. at
the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:

Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

➢  Water and Sewer Rate Study.  He has received two (2) proposals from engineering firms
and waiting for one (1) additional proposal.  There should be more information available
at the February 27, 2018 Council Workshop meeting.

➢  The Physical Development Committee will meet on Tuesday, February 13, 2018 to
continue discussion of interviewing firms for the Historic Structures Report for the
Norfolk and Western Depot.

➢  Staff met with Republic Services regarding customer service of curbside trash collection.
Republic agreed to provide an annual collection calendar and it has been posted on the
Town website.  Mr. Shanaberger will coordinate with Mrs. Torrence, Office Manager, a

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 12, 2018

method to send the calendar to residents.  Town staff is hopeful the meeting will lead to
better customer relations.

➢  On February 1, 2018, he, Mr. Elder and Mr. Gillespie, traveled to Richmond, Virginia to

meet with USDA regarding the Town’s sewer projects.

➢  Mr. Shanaberger thanked Nathan Simpson for his work on the Town’s website.  The

curbside trash collection schedule and zoning map have recently been added.

➢  The zoning permit has been issued for the microbrewery.
➢  Thanked staff for wearing so many hats.  A financial report will be presented at the

February Workshop meeting.

Questions – none

Council Concerns:
Ms. Spiggle inquired about the possibility of placing the Council meeting videos on the Town
website.

Mayor Harvey commended Council for their action to assist the American Legion Post.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council adjourned at 8:30 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

