ref: reel_02_0400
date: 1963-07-15
content: JULY MEETING
The Regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on July 15, 1963 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, H. E. Peck, Ivey Holland, C. Lewis McDearmon, Burke Guill and T. R. Gilbert.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.
Motion made by T. R. Gilbert, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town purchase a 'Truxmore Packer' from the Truck Equipment Corporation Richmond, Virginia and a Ford Truck, the lowest bid from Grinnels Motor Company. Motion Carried.
Motion made by H. E. Peck, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, that the Town approve a sewer and water connection for C. Lewis McDearmon. Motion Carried.
There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.
Signed S. R. Lawson Mayor
Signed G. J. Hunter Clerk
AUGUST MEETING
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on August 19, 1963, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding.
The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Ivey Holland, C. Lewis McDearmon, H. E. Peck.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.
Motion made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by Ivey Holland, that the Town approve water to Mr. D. C. Carter's new house. The Town to pay the difference between the cost of 1 inch and 1 1/4 inch plastic pipe and all cost of the ditch to be paid by Mr. D. C. Carter. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19884
record_id: 904
page_number: 1

