# REGULAR MEETING – December 09, 2002

Page 1 of 2

a

Regular Meeting - December 9, 2002

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, December
9, 2002 with Mayor Spigegle presiding.

Those members present: W.HL Carson, Norman Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, and
Joyce Bennett.
Absent ~ Steve Lawson and Marvin Mitchell,

Others present were: Debbie Powell, Tourism Task Force, Robert Mitchell, Mayor, Town
of Pamplin, Bill Gillespie, Region 2000 Regional Commission, William M. Phillips,
Town Attorney, Lisa Knott, Times-Virginian, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, D. T.
Garrett, Town Manager, and Bobbie H, Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with aprayer,

Ona motion by Mr. Maybeny, seconded by Mr. MeDearmon, Council approved the
Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Debbie Powell and Robert Mitchell, , members, Tourism Task Force Committee came.

“before Council 0 make a presentation of the Tourism Plan. (see attached copy)

Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Regional Cominission appeared
before Town Council to present the Legislative Agenda as proposed for the 2003 Session
of the General Assembly. The Agenda insists that State Mandates and programs should
be funded by State dollars not with local dollars.(see attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the

Legislative Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye, Motion carried.

Mrs, Bennett gave a report on her meeting with Mr. Caldwell, Chairman, of the Fire
Department Fund Raising Committee.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council approved the out
of Town water connection for Clayton Bryant in the Fairview Hills Subdivision due to a
previous agreement for sixty connections for that area, and all those present voting aye..
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to approve the
appropriation of monies to drill a test well on the Elementary School property at a not to
exceed figure of $4000.00 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

419.