1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 11, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, July 11, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.

Absent:  Nathan A. Simpson.

Others:  Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Carlton Duck, Charles Conrad, Rob Fowler, Zoning
Administrator; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee,
Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the hearing and stated the purpose.  The Appomattox Town Council will
consider the recommendations of the Planning Commission with respect to the above-described
– An Ordinance to Amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 195 thereof, entitled
Zoning, to add a new section to Article XVI entitled Signs providing for Public Use Districts.
The Town Council will have said ordinance proposed to it for passage and will hold a public
hearing thereon, pursuant to the same statutory authority.

Mr. Fowler reported the Appomattox Town Planning Commission met on July 5, 2022 and
approved the request to amend.

Public comments – none

Mayor Conner closed the hearing.

Mayor’s Comments:
Half of the year is gone.  The staff is helping move forward the Council.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the consent
agenda as presented for July 11, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 11, 2022

New Business

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to adopt An Ordinance to
Amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox, Chapter 195 thereof, entitled Zoning, to add a new
section in Article XVI entitled Signs providing for Public Use Districts.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
requesting the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors initiate the process to request the
Virginia Department of Transportation abandon the portion of Hunter Street in the Children’s
Park.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Finance & Planning – no report.

Physical Development Committee – no report.

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee reported on the following items:

-  A six-month extension was approved by the Department of Housing and Community

Development for the Appomattox Downtown Revitalization project.

-  The Town will be developing a communication plan with the cell companies for the

maintenance and painting of the water tower.

-  The project manager is developing a new schedule for the Smartscale project on Old

Courthouse Road.

-  The contract with Dominion Seven Architects is being reviewed.  Bids for work are

anticipated in September – October 2022.
Internet domains have caused a few communication issues, which are being resolved.

-

Council Comment:
Mrs. Puckette – would like to explore ideas to extend a filing/storage/records room for the Town
Office.

Mr. McGhee offered his expertise in this area.  Council provided consensus for Mr. Elder
to work on this.

Mr. Garrett – reminded everyone of the fireworks on July 2, 2022.
Mr. Boyce – would like for council members/staff to review their calendars for a retreat in
September.
Mr. Tilton – none
Ms. Spiggle – thanked everyone who had extended sympathies to her during the loss of her
brother.
Mr. Simpson – absent

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 11, 2022

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to adjourn at 7:05 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

