# REGULAR MEETING – December 08, 2003

Page 1 of 3


The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Couneil v was s held on Monday, December
8, 2003 at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Members present: W. H, Carson, N. H. Mayberry, C. L. McDearmon, 8. E. Lawson.
Absent — M. H. Mitchell and Joyce Bennett.

Others present: Larry Mobley, Charles Garrett, Rich Guild, Appomattox Visitor’s Center, |
Chad Denton, Times Virginian, W. M. Phillips, Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr.,
Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to approve
the consent agenda. All members voting aye. Motion carried. |

Rich Guild presented to Town Council the current financial condition of the Appomattox
Visitor’s Center. (Report attached)

Standing Committee Reports ~-None. .
Unfinished Business ~ None. ; a . | |

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table
Item NB — 1 Consideration of Insurance Claim to the January Council Meeting. All
‘members voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council appointed David T.
Garrett, Jr., Acting Clerk/Treasurer in the event of the absence of Roxanne W. Paulette,
Town Clerk/Treasurer. All members voting aye. Motion carried,

Ona mostity Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. MeDearmon, Council voted to approve the
out of town water connection for Lot #23 E at Walton Place Subdivision. All members
voting aye. Motion carried. . .

On a motion made by Mr. McDearmon, Chairman of the Utility Committee, Council
approved an amendment to the contract between the Town and George E. Jones & Sons,
Inc., dated August 15, 2003, for certain improvements to the town’s water system to
include the following sewer line improvements, West Lee Grant Avenue $24,400.00,
Evergreen Avenue $16,800.00, Mortis Avenue $24,800.00 and Interceptor line
connecting Morris Avenue $20,480.00 and hereby authorizes the town manager to
execute the necessary change orders to effect the amendment. All members voting aye.
Motion carried.