1
nee eee

Regular Meeting ~ June 70,_1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, June 10, 1991 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, H. W. Conner, Marvin Mitchell,
R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, S. EH. Carter.

Others present: Audrey Wright, David Garrett, Mrs. Connie Conner,
Bill Houchens, Dennis Gragg, Bernard Proctor and his son.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.
On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to adopt the Consent Agenda and all those present voting aye.

Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted .

to approve the minutes of the May 13, 1991 Council meeting and ail‘ **

those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Bill Houchens presented his formal request to close a pg#@tion
of Lizzie Street.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to
hold a Public Hearing on July 8th, 1991, at 7:00 P.M. to receive
citizen comments gn the proposed closing of a portion of Lizzie
Street as per Mr. *Houchens request, and all those present voting aye.
On a motion by’ Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to award the bid for painting service at the Depot for a total of
$4625.00 to Wet Paint, with work to begin on July 8th. ,

Bass-aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted

to discontinue the billing of the Fire House water bill for $7.00
per month, and all th§6e present voting aye. Motion ‘carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted

to acept the Change Order from Mr. Proctor, on the Saunders Contract
for $3,790.00 at the Community Center to modify the original design
to result in a separate electrical meter for the pump station and
well system, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted
to go with the 6" water line from the By-Pass to Route 1010 to
replace the line in that area, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to recommend to the Highway that if they cannot change the pavement
to asphalt on the 460 By-Pass, then asphalt be added as an alternate
and letters be written to the appropriate individuals and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

