1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 9, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, April 9, 2018 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin Finch, Steven T. Conner and
Claudia G. Puckette.

Absent:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.

Others present:  Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive Media TV; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer;
Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. S. L. Ferguson led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey reminded those present of the upcoming events at the Courtland Festival Park.
On April 12, 2018 the LOVE sign unveiling will begin at 5:30 p.m.  On Saturday, April 21, 2018
a Dedication of the Park event will be held from 12:00 – 8:30 p.m.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for Monday, April 9, 2018 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to approve the payment
request #2 of the 4 annual payments that were provided as an Economic Stimulus Grant in the
Performance Agreement between the Town of Appomattox, the Town of Appomattox Economic
Development Authority in the amount of $29,960.15 to COJANA, a limited Liability
Corporation as the owner of the Appomattox Inn and Suites and also consideration in accepting
payment request #2 that COJANA has met its responsibilities as noted in the Performance
Agreement dated March 13, 2015.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 9, 2018

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION
Concerning participation by retirees in health insurance program

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox provides all full-time employees with medical health
insurance through a health insurance plan “the Plan” and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has the option to provide employees retiring from the Town
of Appomattox service the ability to purchase health care insurance through the Town of
Appomattox’s plan until such time as they become eligible for Medicare health coverage as
determined by the federal government.  At that time retiree coverage will end or the retiree will
elect a Medicare Supplement from the Plan and

WHEREAS, only those employees retiring who meet the eligibility requirements retiring after 50
years of age and ten years of service with the Town of Appomattox or 55 years of age and five
years of service with the Town of Appomattox may participate in this plan.  Age and service
requirements are waived if the retiring employee is documented to be disabled and

WHEREAS, the participating former employee will pay All of the premium cost at regular
intervals as determined by the Plan.  Failure to timely pay the premium due will result in the
immediate cancellation of the former employee’s plan and

WHEREAS, the option is available only to those retiring on or after July 1, 2018, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox reserves the right to modify or discontinue health care
plans and third-party providers at its discretion.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox does hereby extend the
option for retired employees to purchase health care insurance coverage through the Plan.  Our
choice of Medicare Supplemental coverage is Advantage 65 with Dental/Vision.

Date:

__________________________

Signed By:

__________________________

Attested By:  __________________________

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 9, 2018

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adopt the following
resolution:

1.  Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2018 Operating Budget for the

General Fund for FY 2016-2017 for the carry forward of funding of incomplete projects from
FY 2017

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

2.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby

amend the FY 2018 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2017-2018 for the carry
forward of funding for incomplete projects

General Fund Expenditures
CDBG/Meadowlark
Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
CDBG/Meadowlark Grant Revenue
Net Increase in Budget

$704,124
$704,124

$704,124
$704,124

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2018 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this _____ day of ____________, 2018.
Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 9, 2018

On a committee recommendation, Council voted to select the firm, Dalgleish, Gilpin, Paxton
Architects for development of a Historic Structures Report for the Norfolk and Wester Train
Depot.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council for to adopt the following
resolution:

1.

Consideration to adopt a resolution amending the FY 2018 Operating Budget for the
General Fund for FY 2017-2018 for the engagement of professional services for the
development of a Historic Structure Report for the former Norfolk and Western Train
Depot.

WHEREAS, Section15.2-2507, Code of Virginia, allows that a governing body may amend the
budget from time to time

2.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council does hereby
amend the FY 2018 Operating Budget for the General Fund for FY 2017-2018 for the
engagement of professional services

General Fund Expenditures
Property Maintenance & Construction
Net Increase in Budget

General Fund Revenues
Use of Undesignated Reserve
Net Increase in Budget

      60,000
 $   60,000

$   60,000
$    60,000

SECTION XIII:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia that the Fiscal
Year 2018 budget amendments are hereby adopted, and the monies necessary to fund it are
hereby appropriated and shall be certified by the Clerk of Council and maintained as an archive
document with the official minutes of the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia.
Amended this 9th day of April, 2018.
Attest:

Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 9, 2018

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Town Manager’s Report:

Mr. Shanaberger reported on the following:

➢  Construction continues on the restrooms at the Kiddie Park.
➢  Staff met with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. to begin providing information for the Utility Rate

Study.

➢  The evaluating process of the Downtown Revitalization Grant application will begin
soon.  He is planning to discuss assistance from the Town’s Economic Development
Authority.

➢  Publicly thanked Tom Frisbee-Fulton & Fred Kruschwitz for their assistance with the
Physical Development Committee in selecting an Architectural firm for the Historic
Structures Report for the Train Depot.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner – Are we still doing this [Downtown grant application] in house?  Mr. Shanaberger
advised he is evaluating interest from the property owners 50% participation from
property/business owners is key to the application.  Mr. Conner asked if the Town has a scope of
the area?  Mr. Shanaberger said it would be the same as the last time.  Mr. Conner stated the
agreement has to be with the property owner, not the business.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council adjourned at 7:50 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

