1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 8, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, November 8, 2021
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Richard Conner, presiding.

Council members present – James J. Boyce, Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson, Mary Lou Spiggle and Aaron M. Tilton.

Others present – Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Chad Hodges, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.; Jeff
Westbrook, Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne W. Casto,
Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck, Pastor of the Gethsemane Baptist Church led the prayer and the Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
We are almost halfway through the year, and I know this makes our staff very happy.  I am very
appreciative, and I think the whole Council is of the presentations made at the retreat.  I think it
was well worth our time and very productive.  We have a better look at what the future will bring
us, as the Town Council representing the Town of Appomattox.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for Monday, November 8, 2021 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried
6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to revise the Town of
Appomattox Water and Sewer Policy, specifically the Connection Charges to add a Companion
Water Meter for Irrigation Service.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Mrs. Puckette reported that she and Mr. Garrett plan to meet in the next few weeks to prioritize
the list of American Rescue Plan projects.

Mr. Garrett would like to hold a Physical Development Committee meeting before the Workshop
meeting on November 23, 2021 at 5:00 p.m.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 8, 2021

Citizens Comment Period:
None

Town Manager Updates –
Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following activities:

➢  Church Street Waterline – Staff is focusing right now with working with DHCD and
Rural Development to allow us to pre-order the materials for the project.  We learned
today that the lead time on the materials is 24 weeks.  We will know more in the next few
days.  Rural Development is open to us going ahead and ordering the materials.

➢  Met today at the Church Street Sidewalk project with Chad Hodges from Hurt & Proffitt
and VDOT.  VDOT’s initial response was favorable but needed the needed to run it by
the traffic department.  Hopefully we will know more in a month or so.

➢  The Town is still accepting recommendations for the Planning Commission and the

Board of Zoning Appeals.  Two (2) recommendations have been received.

➢  At the November 23, 2021 Workshop meeting, Robin Snyder will be providing an update
on wastewater system project at the National Park.  Anthony Revell with VDOT will also
provide an updated on the Smart Scale project.  The Physical Development Committee
will meet prior the workshop meeting at 5:00 p.m.

Council Comments –
Mr. Simpson informed the other council members of equipment, less than $900.00 to allow the
meetings to be more accessible to the public.  It is two (2) small pieces of equipment to increase
the volume and picture quality for LIVE streaming of Facebook or YouTube.  After much
discussion, the item will be added to the Workshop meeting agenda for discussion.

Spiggle – none

Garrett – none

Puckette - none

Tilton – none

Boyce – Hunting season is in and encouraged the Times Virginian newspaper to make a public
announcement to wear blaze orange.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of performance and salaries of a specific public employee of any public body,
specifically Employee A.
Roll call vote:  Boyce – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Tilton
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was reopened to the public.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
November 8, 2021

Ms. Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this Council.

The motion was seconded by Mrs. Puckette, and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:
Roll call vote:  Boyce – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Tilton
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to increase the salary of
the current Town Manager to $100,000.00 effective November 15, 2021.
Roll call vote:  Boyce – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Tilton
– aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 8:30 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

