1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
November 23, 2021

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, November 23,2021, at
6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council present:  Aaron Tilton, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Nathan A. Simpson, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager; Kim Ray, Treasurer; and Roxanne Casto,
Clerk

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to amend the agenda to add
a closed session.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Robin Snyder, Superintendent of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park
appeared before Council to provide an update on the sewer line replacement project from the
park to the Town’s pump station.  Ms. Snyder reported the project contract amount is
$777,768.00 and contains manholes, lift station and 8,300 LF of sewer force main.  She
expressed much thanks and appreciation to Jeff Elder and the Town for their support.

Discussion Items:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to appoint Jacob Ranson
to fill the unexpired term of S. L. Ferguson until December 31, 2021 on the Appomattox Town
Planning Commission.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to accept the Garbage
Collection Policy as presented with an effective date of April 1, 2022, with the provision to
refund Town customers if they so desire the amount of their purchased can.
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – no, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 5-1.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to authorize allocation up
to $1,000.00, utilizing the advice of Rev. Carlton Duck to modernize livestreaming of Council
meetings, possibly using ARPA funds.
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Simpson – yes, Spiggle – no, Garrett – no, Puckette – no,
Conner – yes.  Motion carried 4-3.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to purchase the proposed
flag poles and signage at the Town Hall.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
November 23, 2021

Council provided consensus to add amendments 190-121 and 190-122 of the Appomattox Town
Code to the December 13, 2021 agenda for consideration.

Council Comments:
None

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Physical Development Committee met today, November 23 and identified the top 3 projects for
the exterior of the depot to talk to contractors for estimates.

Finance and Planning Committee – none

ARPA Committee – none

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Ray, Treasurer was unable to attend the meeting.  Mr. Shanaberger explained the Financial
Report for October 2021.

Mr. Elder, Facilities Director advised the Public Works department and Hurt & Proffitt met with
the Virginia Department of Transportation last week to discuss the Church Street Sidewalk
Project.

Mrs. Casto, Clerk of Council - none

Mr. Shanaberger provided an update on the following items:

•  Mr. Anthony Revell with the Virginia Department of Transportation will attend a future

meeting to provide a broader report on the Smart Scale project.

•  Staff recommends purchasing materials for Church Street water line project in advance.
The consent is pending approval of agencies to purchase ahead of the construction and
installation.

•  The sudden number of resignations in the Public Works department is concerning.

Council requested for staff to determine the cost of a 6% cost of living increase across the
board for all employees.

•  He will also gather information from other localities compensation of other elected

officials and planning commission members.

Mr. Shanaberger wished everyone a Happy Thanksgiving and reminded everyone of the Holiday
events on November 28, 2021 at the Courtland Festival Park.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
November 23, 2021

Closed Session:
On a motion by Council Member Garrett, seconded by Council Member Simpson, Council voted
to convene in a Closed Session, pursuant to § 2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where
competition or bargaining is involved, where if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically being the discussion of utilizing a
consulting firm regarding the recruitment of a Town Manager.

Vote: Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Boyce made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Spiggle and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote: Boyce – aye, Tilton – aye, Simpson – aye, Spiggle – aye, Garrett – aye, Puckette – aye.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Tilton, Council voted to adjourn at 8:05 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

