| oat

Narre

Special Call of Council

The Special Call of Council was held on Thursday, May 28, 1992
at 5:00 P.M. with Vice-Mayor Bass presiding.

Those present were: R. c. Hubbard, H. W. Conner, Marvin Mitchell,
S. E. Carter, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Bill Sherrod, Phillip Fisbee, and Bobbie
Mullins, Clerk.

The purpose of the Special Call is outlined in the notice served
on the Councilman. (See copy attached)

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to amend the Open Burning Ordinance in accordance with the

Air Pollution Control Board-as regards exceptions for firefighting,
Section (C) Section(E) regarding permit effective date, and also,
the need for approval by the Department of Air. Pollution Control.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye Mitchell-aye Conner-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Bass reported that he and the Mayor met with a representative
of the owner of the Appomattox Coin Laundry. His building
suffered extensive damage during a recent fire. He has requested
permission to move to the Shoppes of Appomattox. Conditions

will have to be set if Council. votes to allow this move.

(At 5:20 P.M. Mayor Spiggle’ arrived and Mr. Bass stepped down from
the Chair)

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council

voted to give permission to the Appomattox Coin Laundry to move

to the "Shoppes at Appomattox” under a hardship case, usage cannot
increase total machines by more than 20% and his lot on Route 460
is not to be sold as a Laundry Mat or operated as a Laundry.

Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported that Centel Telephone would like to have a
50 by 50 square on the 1,000,000 gallon water tank property for a
150 or 200 foot Tower for Cellular Telephone. They would like to
have a 20 year lease agreement, up-grade at ten years, rent to be
$350.00 per month rent. Tower would be regulated by FAA and FCC

as regarding height, etc.

Council discussed the Depot at great length. They are going ahead
with the plans for the renovation as drawn by Bernie Proctor,
because of prior committment to the Chamber of Commerce.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.at 5:50 P.M,

RonetdC pail -__ MAYO
—Ronsia c. Shidsie

Oobbie H. Mullins

Bass-aye- Carter-aye—Carson-aye—Conner-aye -Hubbard-aye --. ——-— - -—- -

