Regular Meeting - May 11, 1992

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, May 11, 1992, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, H. W. conner, Marvin
Mitchell, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, and S. E. Carter.

Others present: Steve Lawson, R. W. Mitchell, Bill Sherrod,

_ Dorinda Saxton, Beth Mitchell, Richard Bartelt, Ginny Fratrick,

Matt Leonard, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with.a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded Mr. Carson, Council voted

to approve the Agenda with the following additions:

10. Utility Crossings at Community Center, 11. Rose Lane-Sewerage
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mithcell, Council voted
to approve the Council minutes of April 13th, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council

voted to approve the Financial Statement for March and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Dorinda Saxton, Appomattox County Arts Council, appeared before
Town Council to request a donation for the Arts Council in

the amount of $1250.00. Her group included Richard Bartelt,
Ginny Fratrick, Steve Lawson, and Matt Leonard.

On.a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded Mr. Bass, Council voted
to accept the recommendation of the Appomattox Planning
Commission and approved, the , Conditional Use Permit for
Shirley Jones as prey HESly ‘advertised and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council

- -voted-—te- accept-the recommendation of -the Appomattox—Ptanning-—~—

Commission and grant a Conditional Use Permit to Stephen Slevinski
for his own personal use and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to

appoint Steve Lawson, to the Accredition Council for the Visitor
Center Board effective July Ist and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
adopt the "Revised Personnel Policy" as presented and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried. (See attached copy)

The Street Committee was requested to study the parking on Church
Street and the request for Street lights on Patricia Anne Lane and
on Route 460 at R. W. Moore's residence.

On a motion by S. E. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
adopted the following resolution:

127

