ref: reel_03_0605
date: 1981-01-12
content: Regular meeting - January 12, 1981

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, January 12, 1981, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, W. H. Carson, R. L. Bass, Ray Noble, T. E. Conner, and T. W. Lawson. Also attending were B. H. Mullins, Clerk and Bill Sherrod, Reporter.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to approve the Agenda with one addition to Old Business; 3. Arco, Inc. and a call for an Executive Session, and all members voted aye.

The minutes of the December 18, 1980 meeting were approved as submitted.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to refer the Item 1, Financial Statement to the February 1981, meeting and all members voted aye.

Council discussed Well #15 briefly.

Council also discussed the Cable TV, but took no action at this time.

Mayor Spiggle requested an Executive Session, in accordance with Section 2.1-344, of the State Code, for discussion of personnel.

Mr. Carson made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner, for Council to go into Executive Session to discuss personnel.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mayor Spiggle reconvened the regular meeting at 8:20 P.M.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to continue the waiver granted W. R. Britton, Jr., on the residency requirement until at such time as it shall become a hardship to the Town.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Council discussed the possibility of purchasing some portable radios for the Town from the State Department of Purchases and Supply and requested Mayor Spiggle to check into this.

There being no further business to come before the Council, the meeting adjourned at 8:30 P.M.
chunk_id: 20714
record_id: 1734
page_number: 1

