ref: reel_02_0708
date: 1973-09-24
content: 2. Two portables (one small and one porta-mobile which can be used in vehicle or back-packed.)

3. One remote control Station for the Municipal Building.

A new frequency was applied for that can be incorporated into the Sheriff's communications system. Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mrs. Robinson to approve the grant application and new frequency. Motion carried.

Mr. Conner explained that at the Police Committee meeting there was some discussion of hiring a full-time man for night duty. Council discussed the matter but took no action.

Slagle reported that Well House 8 has been completed with the exception of laying the brick, which has been contracted out.

He further reported that the Water Control Board is conducting a survey on our old sewage treatment plant. The purpose is to arrive at numbers to be put into our certificate.

Council approved the purchase of new street signs and authorized Mr. Slagle to order the new "white on green" with reflectorized aluminum. Motion made by Guill, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson made the motion to support the BIKE-A-THON, seconded by Guill. Motion carried.

The "Tour" of the Town by Council members was set for September 24, 1973, at 5:00 P.M.

At this time, Mr. Pack called an "Executive Session." The following action was taken in the session:

On a motion by Mr. Holland, seconded by Mrs. Robinson, Council voted to pay Mr. Slagle $13,000.00 and accept $3,000.00 from the County to supplement his salary for duties he is already performing for the County. Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Hubbard made a motion that we provide transportation for Mr. Slagle, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.

The meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20167
record_id: 1187
page_number: 1

