ref: reel_02_0695
date: 1973-08-13
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, August 13, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Peak presiding.

Members present were: T. E. Conner, Mrs. Robinson, R. G. Hubbard, Burke Guill, Martin L. Webb, and Ivey Holland.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

The minutes of a special meeting of the Town Council were read and approved.

Mr. Slagle reported on a meeting concerning the Firemen's alert system and the frequency to be used. It was decided at the meeting to change to the 39.50 frequency as this is the frequency used by other local governments.

Conner asked what the decision was on the ditch at Mrs. Babcock's. Slagle reported he had been in contact with Mrs. Babcock. He explained to her that the Town would participate to the same extent that the Highway Department would (25% or $825.00 based on an estimate of $3,300.00) and that she must contribute 50% of the total cost. Mrs. Babcock indicated that this arrangement would be acceptable to her. Mr. Conner made the motion for Council to approve this plan seconded by Ivey Holland. Motion carried.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion to adopt the following resolution, seconded by T. E. Conner:

BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, a political subdivision created by Chapter 100, Acts of Virginia, 1900, acting by and through the Town Council, does hereby elect to have such of the employees and officers of the Town in positions not covered under a local retirement system, who are regularly employed full time on a salary basis, and whose tenure is not restricted as to temporary or provisional appointment, to become eligible, effective October 1, 1973 to participate in the Virginia Supplemental Retirement System, under conditions set forth in Title 51, Chapter 3.2, Section 51-111.9 through Section 51-111.67, Code of Virginia, as such Code has been or may be amended from time to time and said Town agrees to pay its costs for participation of its employees for all services for the Town of Appomattox prior to October 1, 1973 for which credit is authorized and established on forms required by the Retirement Board and for membership in the System effective October 1, 1973; also to deduct from said employees wages and pay over in the manner prescribed, the respective amounts required by law.
chunk_id: 20156
record_id: 1176
page_number: 1

