ref: reel_02_0673
date: 1973-04-03
content: A transcript of the Public Hearing held by the Appomattox Town Council on April 3, 1973 at 1:00. Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Vice-Mayor, presiding.

Robinson
We welcome all of you here today, and I would like to say now that the meeting is called to order and that as you know the purpose of this meeting is for a public hearing and I am going to ask Mr. Slagle, who is the Town Manager, if he will read the public notice that was in the paper.

Slagle
The purpose of the meeting is to consider rezoning the property described below as follows from Residential R-2 to Business B-1. "It is all of that certain parcel or lot of real estate, lying and being in the Town of Appomattox, immediately on the South side of East Patricia Ann Lane, adjoining the lands of Evans and Mash, Jimmy Rogers and the other lands of the party of the first part and more particularly (B. Leroy Smith) described as follows: Beginning at the line of Evans and Mash and East Patricia Ann Lane; thence with East Patricia Ann lane 125 Feet to a stake; thence away from East Patricia Ann lane approximately 15½ feet to the line of Jimmy Rogers; thence with Jimmy Rogers down to the lands of Evans and Mash 125 Feet; thence with Evans and Mash line approximately 14½ feet to the point of beginning. This land is shown on a plat of survey recorded in the Clerk's Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia, in Deed Book 88, at page 152, and is also shown on a plat of survey recorded in the aforesaid Clerk's Office in Deed Book 105, at page 194, the first plat being that of Evans and Mash and the second being that of Jimmy Rogers. It is signed Henry B. Pack, Mayor.

Slagle
We would welcome any comments that any interested parties might have. When you speak, I wish you would speak into the mike and that you would state your name and address and would also like to explain that the purpose of the hearing is to receive testimony from interested parties and that the ultimate decision will be made by the Appomattox Town Council at a subsequent meeting, so the floor is now open for any comment, any interested parties.
chunk_id: 20134
record_id: 1154
page_number: 1

