ref: reel_03_0682
date: 1982-12-01
content: Council reviewed the recommended Charter change as presented by Mr. Howard P. Anderson.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to accept the recommendations of the Mr. Howard Anderson and delete Section 18, and a portion of Chapter 15. (See copy in Council file dated December, 1982).

Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Bass-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the appointment of Mr. S. E. Carter to the Central Virginia Planning District Commission sub-committee, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to not approve the amendments of the Central Virginia Planning District's Charter and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council adopted the following resolution, and agreed to support this petition by Charlotte County.

(See copy in Council file, December, 1982)

Carson-aye Lawson-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to table Items 7, 10, 11, Old Business, and Items 1 and 3 New Business, until the next regular meeting, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Motion to adjourn at 10:30 PM by Mr. Carter, seconded by Bass.

Motion to reconvene by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, and all members present voting aye.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council adopted the Salary Scale as set forth in the 1983 Budget and a copy is in Council file dated December 1982.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to set the 1983 Tax Rate as .20 for Real estate and .55 for Personal Property.

Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

Council meeting adjourned at 10:40 P.M.
chunk_id: 20768
record_id: 1788
page_number: 1

