1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 29, 2019

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, October 29, 2019 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Staff members present were Jeff Elder, Facilities Director, Kim Ray, Treasurer; Gary
Shanaberger, Town Manager and Roxanne Casto, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the Workshop meeting to order.

Laura Dawson appeared before Council to request assistance with funding for Christmas lighting
at the Courtland Festival Park.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to donate $1,000.00 to
the Courtland Park Foundation, Inc. for the Christmas lighting project.
Roll Call Vote:  J. Garrett – yes, J. Boyce – yes, M. Spiggle – yes, T. Garrett – yes, S. Conner –
yes, C. Puckette – yes.  All members voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. J. Garrett, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to put before the voters
of the Town of Appomattox a referendum on the two proposed charter amendments included as
part of the agenda packet, and that we authorize the town attorney to obtain a Writ of Election
placing such referendum on the ballot for the May 2020 election.

Proposed Charter Amendment – Town of Appomattox
Draft Referendum Language

Shall the Town of Appomattox request the General Assembly to amend its existing charter to
provide for the Town to elect its Mayor and Council members at the November general election
date in odd-numbered years, and to make associated changes in the charter?

[  ] Yes

[  ] No

Shall the Town of Appomattox request the General Assembly to amend its existing charter to
increase the length of terms for its Council members to four years, to stagger future elections of
Council members so that three members are elected every two years, and to make associated
changes in the charter?

[  ] Yes

[  ] No
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 29, 2019

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. T. Garrett, Council voted to amend the Town of
Appomattox Accounts Receivable Policy, specifically the Water/Sewer Bills.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to reappoint James C.
Davidson, Jr. to the Board of Zoning Appeals for the term beginning January 1, 2020 and ending
on December 31, 2024.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. T. Garrett, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the
Appomattox Downtown Revitalization Project – Façade Improvement Program Design.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Committee Reports:
None

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner inquired if staff has had an opportunity to investigate discontinuing the Internal
Service Fund.  Mr. Shanaberger responded that staff has not investigated this matter.

Mayor Harvey thanked the Town for the donation for the Railroad Festival.

Mr. Boyce requested an update on the parking situation on Church Street.  Mr. Shanaberger
responded that he is waiting on a follow up meeting with VDOT.

Ms. Spiggle wished everyone a Happy Halloween.

Staff Reports:
Mrs. Kim Ray, Town Treasurer provided the financial report as of September 30, 2019.  She also
advised Council that Brown, Edwards & Company will be attending the December 9, 2019
Regular Council meeting to present the FY 2019 Annual Audit Report.  Staff continues to work
with Edmunds for the order of programs and the conversion timeline.

Mr. Jeff Elder, Facilities Director reported on the following items:

➢  He met with the Virginia Department of Transportation this week concerning alternatives

for the Lee Grant Avenue improvements.

➢  The survey work has been completed on the waterline replacement project on Church
Street.  Once the design phase is complete, the plans will be submitted to the Virginia
Department of Health and Department of Environmental Quality for review.

➢  The USDA Sewer Project continues to move along.  Staff intends to bid the project in

December 2019.

➢  Yellow lines have been painted along the curbing on Church Street.

Mrs. Casto, Clerk reported she is currently working with Municode on the agenda management
software transition.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
October 29, 2019

Mr. Gary Shanaberger provided updates on the following items:

➢  The bylaws for the Rose Garden committee are being updated and will address the

questions regarding the VDOT regulations.

➢  Dalgleish, Gilpin and Paxton will be sending the first draft of drawings for the Train

Depot in the next week.

➢  He is hopeful to hear something regarding the Historic Tax Credits next week.
➢  The Town’s Comprehensive Plan is going very well.  The next meeting is scheduled for
Tuesday, November 5, 2019.  It will be one of the most important meetings during the
process as the Planning Commission will be reviewing the goals and objectives over the
next five year.

➢  The Downtown Revitalization grant is on schedule with a lot of preliminary paperwork.
The Town will be under contract with the Department of Housing and Community
Development by November 30, 2019.

Mr. Boyce inquired if there was any funding available for other areas of town?  Mr. Shanaberger
advised that the EDA is working on a Façade Improvement program.

➢  The Meadowlark Grant is winding down.  There may be enough funding for one more

housing project.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mr. J. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:10 p.m. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

