1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 7, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 7, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.

Absent:  Timothy W. Garrett

Others:  Charles Conrad, Times Virginian; Tommy Lawson, Mike Scott, Jeff Elder, Facilities
Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Christy Torrence, Office Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto,
Interim Town Manager/Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Nathan Simpson led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
The nationwide pandemic is ending.  Businesses are opening back up.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mr. Tommy Lawson and Mr. Mike Scott appeared before Council to request parking spaces on
Court Street be marked by the Virginia Department of Transportation or the Town of
Appomattox.  With the addition of the dentists in the office, there are a lot more people using the
parking lot.  Mr. Lawson said he knows that parking is allowed now on Court Street, but people
do not do it.  He believes that marking lines on both sides of the road would help.

Mr. Scott said he has spoken to some of the Council members, Mr. Shanaberger (before he left)
and to Mr. Brown at VDOT.  Mr. Brown advised that all the streets in Town except for a few are
owned and maintained by VDOT.  Mr. Brown told him the machines to draw lines is in storage
but as soon as the weather breaks, they will get the equipment out and get it done.  According to
Mr. Scott, the older generation is scared to park on the street without lines.  He thinks Court
Street is more suitable than Church Street for parking.  Mr. Scott said he spoke to about 90% of
the people and businesses and they are not opposed to the parking request.

Council thanked them for attending.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for Monday, February 7, 2022 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business – none

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 7, 2022

New Business – Staff was directed to approach the Virginia Department of Transportation
(VDOT) to acquire more information regarding the request for parking spaces on Court Street.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
Finance & Planning Committee – Mrs. Puckette is hoping to have a meeting soon with Mr.
Garrett regarding the American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) funding projects.
Physical Development Committee - None
ARPA Committee - None

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mrs. Casto reported on the following item:

Several questions were asked at the last meeting, and I wanted to provide a response to
those:

➢  Mr. Boyce asked how many residential customers are affected on average by the

minimum only water bill, i.e. those using 2000 or less gallons per month.
According to the 2019 water study performed by Hurt & Proffitt, Inc., of 787 total
customers, 271 customers are affected on average.

➢  Mr. Garrett asked what the ongoing maintenance costs were going to be once the
Smart Scale project is complete.  The Virginia Department of Transportation
(VDOT) provided the handouts located with your agenda material.

➢  Lastly, for the last few months or more, Mr. Shanaberger had been working with
the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) concerning an alternate truck
route.  The Traffic Engineering Review of an alternate truck route has been
conducted to determine if an alternate route for trucks could be established.
Traffic Engineering concurs with the Residency recommendation to have trucks
use an alternate Truck Route.  The route will require the installation of new signs.
The signs have been ordered and will be installed upon arrival.  A copy of the
report is located with your agenda material.

Town Economic Development Authority

➢  Just a reminder of the vacancy on the Town of Appomattox Economic

Development Authority.  If you know of anyone who has expressed interest to
you, please direct them to the Town’s website or let me know and I can contact
them.

➢  The February 2022 meeting was cancelled due to the lack of agenda items.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 7, 2022

Planning Commission
Will meet tomorrow for a rescheduled meeting, February 8, 2022 at 6:00 p.m.

Grants

➢  A meeting of project management team of the Appomattox Downtown

Revitalization Grant is scheduled for Thursday, February 17, 2022 at 5:30 p.m. –
here at the Town Hall.

➢  The Church Street Water Line Replacement Project is moving along.  The

materials only portion of the project has been approved by Rural Development.
The installation portion of the project is estimated for bid advertising on April 10,
2022, with a pre-mid meeting on April 22, Bid opening on May 6th and Town
Council approval on May 9th.

In the meantime, the Town will be working with Rural Development to finalize
the closing of the loan.

Virginia Municipal League
Local Government Day was last Thursday, February 3, 2022 and was attended by Mayor
Conner and Councilmember Spiggle.  They may have additional information to share.

Trash Collection Policy
Surveys to Town residents/businesses should be arriving this week in the mail concerning
additional trash cans.

February Workshop Meeting
Council Workshop meeting is Tuesday, February 22, 2022 at 6:30 p.m.

Council Comment:
Tilton – None

Boyce – None

Spiggle – The VML – Local Government Day in Richmond last week was very informative.

Simpson – None

Puckette – Continue to pray for Rev. Carlton Duck as his surgery is scheduled for February 9,
2022.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session for the purpose of discussion of prospective candidates for employment, specifically
being applicants for the position of Town Manager, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the
Code of Virginia.

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 7, 2022

Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.  Motion carried
5-0.

The meeting as reopened to the public.

Closed Session Certification:
Council Member Spiggle made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Boyce and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.  Motion carried
5-0.

Mayor Conner read the following statement:
The Town Council, as authorized by Virginia Code §2.2-3712(B), within fifteen (15) days of
said announcement, will be interviewing potential Town Manager candidate(s), in Closed
Session, at undisclosed time(s) and location(s).  Following such interview(s), the Council will
certify the same at its next regular schedule meeting.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.
All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

