234 Page 2 of 2

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by..Marvin Mjtchell, Council >
voted to once again submit the grant application for ISTEA Grant
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council
voted to refer two requests for Street Lights to the Street
Committee, one from C. D. Litchford, Route 1009, new lihgt, and
one for increased wattage on Atwood Street at the Barber/Shop
Antique Shop and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to table Item 4 until the next meeting and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted
to advertise their intent to amend and re-enact Section 10,
Article III and hold a Public Hearing before the next regular
meeting in February and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried. (see attached copy)

Mayor Spiggle reported the Virginia Municipal League Legislative
Day will be on February 15, 1996. He needs to know who plans
to attend.

A retirement dinner will be held at 6:00 P.M. on January 25, 1996
in honor of W. H. Carson.

ON a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council
voted to adopt the folllowing:resolution:

WHEREAS, in accordance with Commonwealth Transportation Board
Construction Allocation procedures, it is necessary that a
request by resolution be received from local government

or state agency in order that the Virginia Department of
Transportation Program an Enhancement Project in the Town

of Appomattox,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, THAT the Town of
Appomattox, requests the Commonwealth Transportation
Board to establish a project for the improvement of
enhancement of the Visitors Center/Environs;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Town of Appomattox hereby

agrees to pay 20 percent of the total cost of the planning and design,
right of way, and construction of this project, and that if

the Town of Appomattox subsequently elects to cancel this project,

the Town of Appomattox hereby agrees to reimburse the Virginia
Department of Transportation for the total amount of the costs
expended by the Department through the date of the Department

is notified of such cancellation.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye
Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the
meeting adjourned at 8:50 PM

(Sotho Ny \uWlwwcrerK

Bobbie H. Mullins

