# REGULAR MEETING – February 10, 2003

Page 2 of 3

Council Minutes - February 10, 2003

comment on the Community Development Plan and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council -adopted the
“Resolution of Support” for naming of the Town ByPass, as the C. T. Moses Memorial
Highway, and send the request to Virginia Department of Transportation.

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is desirous of having the Commonwealth of
Virginia Department of Transportation name the U. S. Route 460 By-Pass, the Charles
Thomas Moses, Jr., Memorial Highway; and ,

WHEREAS, Mr. Moses was an outstanding and dedicated citizen, a successful

businessman, former Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, Sunday School Teacher, and

active and faithful rember of Memorial United Methodist Church; and

WHEREAS, Mr. Moses was a loyal and patriotic citizen, who served his country during
World War II, a conscious member of the American Legion Post #104, an articulate
supporter of Veterans and their families, and held a burning passion for our flag; and

WHEREAS, Mr. Moses was a gentlemen of influence and prestige in this Community;
and

WHEREAS, he is held in high esteem by many who came in contact with him for his
understanding, sincerity and willingness to help others regardless of who they were or
their status in life; and

WHEREAS, his dedication to the best interests of this community and having been a
powerful influence for good in the growth and progress of Appomattox;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox Town Council, at the
February 10, 2003 regular session that we respectfully request the Virginia Department of
Transportation name the Appomattox By-Pass the Charles Thomas Moses, Jr. Memorial
Highway.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDeatmon—aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry —aye
Carson —aye Motion carried.