# REGULAR MEETING – February 10, 2003

Page 1 of 3


The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, February
10, 2003 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: Norman Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin Mitchell,
W. H. Carson, Mrs. Bennett, and Mr. Lawson.

Others present were: Pat Wood, Marvin Hamlett, Times-Virginian, Bif Johnson, Hill
Jones, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc., Gary Loomis, Masters Engineer, William Phillips, Town
Attorney, Ned Cleland, Blue Ridge Design, Charles Garrett, Plant Operator, Roxanne
Paulette, Deputy Clerk, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On,a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council approved the Consent
Agenda with the following additions to New Business: 3. Consideration of waiving water
and sewer availability and connection fees for the New Courthouse, 4. Consideration of
lifting the water moratorium, 5. Consideration of a water connection on Route 631, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried. \
Mr. Ned Cleland, Blue Ridge Design, Inc. presented his final report on his review of the
remedial design for the basins and revised drawings and specifications, He concurs with
IMT, Hurt & Proffitt & Masters Engineers, (see copy of. his letter dated February 10,
2003 that is attached).

Mr. Gary Loomis, Masters Engineer, stated he was satisfied that the plans and drawings
meet all the requirements. .

Mr. Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. spoke to Council that they are satisfied with the
plans and drawings. They are ready to put closure to this project.

Mr. Lawson reported receiving two bids for the heating and cooling system for the
Arts & Crafts and County Charm part of the Depot. ,

Mr. Lawson, Chairman of the Property Committee, recommends that the bid from
David T. Garrett & Sons for $8,995.00 for the Depot for the heating & cooling system,
and all those present voting aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council rescinded a
previous motion to hold a public hearing tonight because the date was wrong, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to-hold a joint
public heating on March 17, 2003 at 7:00 at a to be determined location for citizens to

4OS5-