# WORKSHOP MEETING – February 25, 2003

Page 1 of 2

ce tyeeees ee eee = ae we aes. WORKSHOP MEBTING.. = = 2

APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL

A Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Tuesday, February
25, 2003 at 7:00 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Norman Mayberry, W. H. Carson, Marvin H. Mitchell,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Joyce Bennett, and Steve Lawson.

Others present were: Mr. William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, Charles Garrett, Larry
Mobley, Marvin Hamlett, Pat Wood, Times-Virginian, Mis. Wood, David T. Garrett, Jr.,
Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to adopt the
“Resolution of Support” for the Pedestrian Sidewalk Safety as follows:

Whereas, the Town: of Appomattox has experienced a tremendous amount of growth
within the last two years, including the addition of a new elementary school within
walking distance to both the primary and high schools; and

Whereas, the expansion of neighborhoods and community growth have resulted in the
need to address pedestrian safety along streets of our town; and

Whereas, the Town has applied for a Rural Transportation Grant to fund the planning
process and assess the need for the addition of a pedestrian connection that would provide
a safe means of conveyance for pedestrians, especially school age children; and

Whereas, in order to initiate the planning process, the Town of Appomattox has requested
support from the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the Appomattox County
School Board, in their efforts to secure a pedestrian safety study.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Town of Appomattox does hereby
request Region 2000 Regional Commission to produce a pedestrian safety study funded
by a Rural Transportation Planning Grant.

Bennett-aye Lawson-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye Carson-aye
Motion carried,

‘It was general consensus of Town Council to agree to allow Nextel Pariners, Inc. to

initiate a feasibility study on the site to determine if it is suitable for their antennas.