ref: reel_03_0038
date: 1975-04-01
content: Highway Commission back to the former owners along Court Street and will be executed by the Highway Commission the 17th of April.

Mr. Slagle reported that the work done by Dominion Tank and Iron on our small water tank was not satisfactory and that we have an agreement with this company to return in April of 1976 and correct any damages and make the needed repairs, at no additional cost to the Town.

Mr. Slagle reported that the Historical Park would like to get out of the sewer lagoon business and want to be included under the Step I Planning Phase.

Slagle explained that the Water Control Board was in the process of reclassifying various stream segments around the State to reflect changing uses. He recommended that the Town go on record in support of reclassifying the North Fork of the Appomattox River from its confluence with the South Fork of the Appomattox River to its headwaters as "III B. Public Water Supply." Mr. Hubbard made the motion to request the State Water Control Board to reclassify the North Fork of the Appomattox River to "III B. Public Water Supply", seconded by Mr. Spiggle. Ayes 6 Nays 0 Motion carried.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion that the Town Office be closed on Saturday's starting May 1st 1975 except during "peak periods" which are months of March and September, seconded by Mr. Spiggle. Ayes 5 Nays 0 Abstaining 1 Motion carried.

Mr. Quill made the motion to grant the request from Shearer Robertson for a loading zone in front of his business, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.

Mr. Quill made the motion to adopt the following resolution seconded by Mr. House. Motion carried.

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has experienced a flooding problem resulting in significant property damage near the intersection of Main Street and Lee Street and the potential for a reoccurrence remains;

AND WHEREAS, it is the opinion of this Council that this flooding problem has occurred due to the faulty design of the storm drainage facilities serving this area;

AND WHEREAS, it is also the opinion of this Council that any solution to this problem requires a joint effort on the part of the Town and the Virginia Department of Highways;

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council requests that the Virginia Department of Highways provide the necessary facilities on Main Street to intercept the storm water runoff from Main Street and Lee Street and convey same by new and existing storm sewers to the natural drainage channel on the South side of the Norfolk and Western Railroad tracks.
chunk_id: 20249
record_id: 1269
page_number: 1

