1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, February 23, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, February 23, 2010 at 7:00
pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Bryan J. Baine, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, John T.
“Plicky” Williams, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.  Absent:  Karl E. Carter.

Others:  Peter Zdgiebloski, Stephanie James, Frank Wright, James Stringfield, Bart S. Van
Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the workshop meeting to order.

Bart Van Nieuwenhuise, Town Manager explained the Vision Plan document and process.
Mayor Harvey thanked the public for their input and interest in the creation of the plan.

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Williams, Council voted to
adopt the Vision Plan as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.
(Document attached)

Updates from Standing Committees –

Finance Committee – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee will meet on Wednesday,
February 24, 2010 at 4:00 p.m.

Fire & Safety Committee – Ms. Jamerson-Scruggs reported that the third (3rd) town newsletter is
scheduled to be mailed by the end of the week.  Mayor Harvey advised that Timmy Garrett, Fire
Chief would like to attend the next Fire & Safety Committee meeting.

Ordinance Committee – The Clerk reported that there is a meeting scheduled for Thursday,
February 25, 2010 at 10:00 a.m.

Personnel Committee – Mr. Williams reported that the Personnel Committee met Tuesday,
February 16, 2010 and Wednesday, February 17, 2010 and interviewed five candidates for the
position of Town Treasurer.

On a recommendation by John T. “Plicky” Williams, Chairman of the Personnel Committee,
Council voted to employ and appoint Stacey H. Wilkes as Town Treasurer effective March 1,
2010.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Williams noted that the position for Wastewater & Water Treatment Supervisor will remain
open until March 5, 2010.  The committee will discuss the process after that date.

Mr. Williams also expressed interest in the Personnel Committee meeting with the Finance
Committee, jointly, in the coming weeks to discuss the FY 2011 budget.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, February 23, 2010

Street & Property Committee – Mr. Baine reported that he is trying to schedule a meeting for
next week.

Utility Committee – Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee is scheduled to meet on
Thursday, February 25, 2010 at 4:00 p.m.

Updates from Staff Members –
Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise provided his report along with highlights from the Utility Director,
Director of Tourism and Town Clerk.  (Report attached)

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams, the
Appomattox Town Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 1 of
the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of a specific public
employee, specifically being Employee A and the discussion of five (5) specific public
employees, specifically being employees B, C, D, E and F and § 2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of
Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel employed or
retained by a public body regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advice
by such counsel, such specific legal matters pertaining to the contract with Fielder’s Choice
Enterprises, Inc. for repair work at the Appomattox Water Reclamation Facility for Structural
Modifications.

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry –aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.
Carter – absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge:  (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry –aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Jamerson-Scruggs – aye.
Carter – absent.

The only action to follow as a result of the Closed Session was to send the matter to the
Personnel Committee.

Council Concerns -
None

On a motion by Councilmember Jamerson-Scruggs, seconded by Councilmember Williams,
Council voted to adjourn at 9:05 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

