ref: reel_03_0866
date: 1984-06-11
content: Page 2 of 2

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to go into Executive Session in accordance with Sec. 1.1-344, of the State Code, to discuss Property and Personnel.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Webb, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to request the two tenants on Linden Street to vacate the premises within 90 days due to the construction for the new Shop Facility and to have the Manager assist in the re-location.

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye Webb-aye Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to allow the Manager to serve on the Virginia Water & Sewer Assistance Authority provided he is appointed, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to enter into a contract with the State Laboratory of the Department of Health for the water samples. (See attached copy in Council file - June 11, 1984)

Carter-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to continue to allow the Manager to take his wife to the Virginia Municipal League Conference and the City Manager's Association, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 9:30 P.M.

Ronald C. Sprinkle
MAYOR

Bobbie H. Mullins
CLERK
chunk_id: 20882
record_id: 1902
page_number: 1

