ref: reel_02_0131
date: 1946-02-04
content: Town of Appomattox,
Appomattox, Va.

Dear Sirs:

It is my desire to obtain a building permit from the Town Council to erect the following buildings immediately:

1. A store building 64 by 19 feet, store building 30 x19 with an alley 5 x 19 between, all on the ground floor. Also an upper floor 19 x 19 to be used for office space. This building to be of cinder block and steel construction with built up asphalt roof. This building to be adjacent to the present theatre building and proposed addition to the rear of theatre building.

2. An addition to the present theatre building 20 x 28 feet, cinder block and steel construction with built up asphalt roof.

3. An additional building immediately back of the proposed addition to the theatre, 10 x 28 feet, cinder block construction with metal roof to house two heating plants and air maximum conditioning units.

We expect to start on these buildings immediately and it will be necessary for something to be done with the surface water which now flows directly back of the theatre and on the theatre side of the walk, down to opposite our side door. This ditch is exactly where we plan our outside foundation and I respectfully request the Town Council to arrange for this water way to pass under the walk near the Lewis Bros. property and down the street side.

Will thank you for immediate consideration.

Respectfully yours,

J.A. Caldwell
L.C. Caldwell
chunk_id: 19627
record_id: 647
page_number: 1

