1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 27, 2010

At the Workshop Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on July 27, 2010 at 7:00 pm in
the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding.

Council members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lous
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, Joyce B. Bennett.

Also in attendance were:  Ronnie Lankford, Nina Beasley, Bill Smith, Stephanie James, Chad
Millner, Cliff Harvey, Bill & June Goodrich, Hazel Thomas, Cliff Harvey, Jeff Elder, Carlton
Duck, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey thanked and welcomed everyone.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to approve the amended petition for Mr. Mark Marston – Tax Map # 64A5-15-28A for an
additional duplex to the conditional use permit approved in 2008.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, to refer the
request of Mr. Gary Warner, Freedom Ridge, LLC to the Utility Committee for review,
requesting a site plan from the requestor with his intentions and any other regulations imposed,
inviting Mr. Warner to the committee meeting and we need what he’s going to do in writing.
The motion was withdrawn by Mr. Mayberry and Mr. Garrett.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to refer the request of Gary Warner, Freedom Ridge, LLC to the Utility Committee.  The
committee will invite Mr. Warner to the meeting to gain more information and a specific written
site plan.  The committee will report to the entire council.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to request the assistance of Appomattox County (by letter), specifically Johnnie Roark to
perform Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Agent duties for the Town of Appomattox,
effective immediately.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Standing Committee Reports
Finance – none.

Fire & Safety – none.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
July 27, 2010

Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported that the committee met on Wednesday, July 14, 2010 to
discuss the current Sign and Landscaping Ordinances.  The committee will work with Mr. Roark
to make the more business friendly.  The committee will meet again to discuss the matter further.

Personnel – Mr. Mayberry reported that the committee met on Monday, July 26, 2010 to discuss
the job descriptions of the Town Manager and Water and Wastewater Treatment Supervisor.

Street & Property – none.

Utility – none

Staff Reports
Ms. Wilkes reported that the auditors will be on site August 9 and 10, 2010.  She will be
attending a Debt and Debt Management class on July 29 and 30, 2010.  More information will be
available at the August meeting.

Ms. Paulette presented her written report to Council.  Two (2) items to note were the status of the
STAG grant apparent low bidder notification letter from WW Associates and the written request
by Jamerson Real Estate Inc. to withdrawn an application to vacate a portion of Autumn Lane.

Council Concerns
None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

