1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Meeting
July 19, 2010

At the Special Call Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on July 19, 2010 at 5:00 pm
in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding.

Council members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, Joyce B. Bennett.

Also in attendance were Bill and June Goodrich, Ronnie Lankford, Stephanie James, Nolan
Connelly, Bart Van Nieuwenhuise, Frank Wright, Town Attorney, Stacey Wilkes, Town
Treasurer and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey cited the purpose of the meeting:
1.

Consider and vote on approval of requested terms of resignation of Bart S. Van
Nieuwenhuise pursuant to his letter dated July 13, 2010

2.

3.

Consider and vote upon authorizing the Town Clerk to advertise for a new Town
Manager pending a review and potential alteration of the job description.

Consider and vote upon authorizing the Town Clerk to advertise for a new Water and
Wastewater Treatment Supervisor pending a review and potential alteration of the job
description.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to accept the resignation of Bart Van Nieuwenhuise which was tendered July 13, 2010, to
compensate Mr. Van Nieuwenhuise by paying his current salary through August 15, 2010,
paying him for all accrued leave in accordance with the Town of Appomattox Employee
Handbook and providing his regular health insurance benefits through the Town for 90 days
from the date of his resignation, and voted that Jimmy Mayberry be authorized and empowered
to execute any and all documents pertaining to such resignation as may be necessary or
recommended by the Town Attorney.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to authorize the Town Clerk to advertise for a new Town Manager, pending a review and
potential alteration of the job description.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to authorize the Town Clerk to advertise for a new Water and Wastewater Treatment
Supervisor pending a review and potential alteration of the job description.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Meeting
July 19, 2010

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 5:10 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

