ref: reel_03_0324
date: 1978-05-08
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, May 8, 1978 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding. 

Those members present were: R. C. Spiggle, M. J. House, Jr., R. C. Hubbard, Burke Guill, R. L. Bass, and T. E. Conner. 

Also present was Mr. Tom Phelps, Consumer Service Manager for Continental Telephone of Virginia. 

The minutes of the Street Committee were read and approved. 

The minutes of the regular Council meeting were read and approved as read. 

Mr. Phelps came before Council to present a proposed ordinance, by Continental Telephone of Virginia for a "Franchise Agreement" within the Town for telephone service. After some discussion, Council tabled the matter until the agreement has been studied by Council. 

Mr. Pack appointed a committee consisting of Spiggle, Hubbard, and Conner to study the agreement and report back to Council. 

Mr. House made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, to give Mr. Britton, permission to request the State Water Control Board to lessen our requirements on the Sewerage Treatment Plant & Lagoon, with all members voting aye. Motion carried. 

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, with all members voting aye, to grant Flippo's a 30 day extension of time due to the inclement weather. 

After a discussion on the type of grants available for recreation, it was the consensus of Council that we check on only the 100% funding grants. 

Mr. Britton informed Council of a training session for Mayors, Council, and appointed officials. 

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Mr. House, and all voting aye, to continue with an "old agreement" to maintain (grass cutting) the bank for Mr. John Wilson, and Mrs. Charlotte Wagoner. 

Mr. Britton informed Council of a meeting on Sewerage grants which will be held on May 17th. Council felt that someone should attend the meeting but let the natural course of events take place. 

At this time, the Town Manager, requested an executive session, but no action was taken during this time. 

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 20491
record_id: 1511
page_number: 1

