ref: reel_03_0870
date: 1984-08-13
content: Regular Meeting - August 13, 1984

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, August 13, 1984 at 7:30 P.M. with Vice-Mayor Bass presiding.

Those members present were: Ray Noble, S. E. Carter, H. W. Conner, and Martin Webb. Absent: R. C. Hubbard.

Others present: Bernard Proctor, Dr. Larry Smith, Frances Abbitt, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council adopted the Agenda as presented and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved the minutes of the July meeting, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to approve Dr. Larry Smith's property on Route 460 being rezoned to B-1 as requested and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to approve the Financial Statement as presented and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Bernard Proctor, appeared before Council to report and give the up-date on the Regional Sewerage Facility.

It was general consensus of Town Council that we do a 'cash flow analysis' but at this point, they feel that we will not need to borrow the money Farmers Home Administration.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council tabled Item 1 on New Business until next month, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Webb, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to grant Mr. Dinkins request to connect to the Town's sewer system with the following conditions:
a. A pump station will have to be provided by him to pump the liquids only, into our system.
b. That he pay an out-of-town connection fee and costs.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Webb-aye Noble-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to re-appoint S. E. Carter to the Central Virginia Planning District Commission to represent the Town of Appomattox until June 1986, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20886
record_id: 1906
page_number: 1

