# REGULAR MEETING – October 14, 2003

Page 3 of 3

On a motion by Mr, McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council approved the
cancellation of the November workshop on Tuesday, November 25, 2003. All members

‘voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council approved the

holiday schedule as outlined by the Governor of Virginia for Thanksgiving, Christmas

and New Year’s. All members voting aye. Motion carried. (Memo attached)

The Town Attorney, William M. Phillips, requested the minutes show his absence at the
October 28, 2003 Workshop was due to his illness.

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to
convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia
(1950), as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel regarding
discussion, consideration, or interviews of prospective candidates for employment,
assignment, appointment, promotion, performance, demotion, salaries, discipling or
resignation of specific public officers, appointees or employees of a public body, etc.

Vote:
Bennett — aye, McDearmon — aye, Mayberry — aye, Carson — aye, Mitchell -- aye,
Lawson — aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully.
exempted from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed
meeting to which this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business
matters as were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard,
discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:
Bennett — aye, McDearmon — aye, Mayberry — aye, Carson — aye, Mitchell — aye,
Lawson - aye.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, the Personnel Committee recommended the appointment of

Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Town Council, Treasurer, and Office Manager at a salary
of $14.50 per hour. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Bennett, Council approved adjournment
at 9:12 p.m. All members voting aye. Motion carried.

¢

amas tu | Ronald C. Spiggie, Mayor

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Sa