# REGULAR MEETING – October 14, 2003

Page 2 of 3

St

: . REGULAR MEETING — ~ November 10, , 2003

~ The regular meéting of the Apponiattox Town Council was held on Monday, ‘November

10, 2003 at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor Spiggle, presiding.

Those members present: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Marvin
Mitchell, Norman Mayberry, W. H. Carson.

Others present: Chad Denton, Times Virginian, Charles Garrett, Larry Mobley, W. M.
Phillips, Town Attomey, Penny Taylor, Pres. Chamber of Commerce, Wayne Phelps, Re-
enactment Committee member, Hill Jones, Hurt & Proffitt, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town
Manager, and Roxanne W. Paulette, Deputy Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Ona motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to approve
the consent agenda, All members voting aye. Motion carried.

Wayne Phelps and Penny Taylor reported to Town Council the financial condition of the
Reenactment held in September 2003. (Copy attached) .

Wayne Phelps made a request for Town Council to consider renaming the section of

~ Oakleigh Avenue from Church Street to 460 Business as Dr.'Clyde G. O’Brien Street.

Penny Taylor advised Town Council of the Christmas festivities taking Place on.

Saturday, December 6, 2003.

On a motion by Ms. Bennett, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the closing of

_ streets as presented for the Christmas Parade at 3:00 p.m. on Saturday, December 6,

2003. Ail members voting aye. Motion carried. (Copy of letter attached)

On a motion by-Ms. Bennett, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council approved the closing of

’ Main Street at the. corners of Lee and Church Streets on Saturday, December 6, 2003
’ from. 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. for downtown festivities. All members voting aye. Motion

carried. (Copy of letter attached)

On amotion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council approved the
purchase of a 2004 Chevrolet Colorado pickup as presented under the state contract for
$10839.00 with an additional $255.00 for the towing package. All members voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by"Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council approved the 1993

Chevrolet truck as surplus. All members voting aye, Motion carried.