312

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday,
November 9, 1998 at 7:30 PM in the Town Office with Mayor Spiggle
Presiding.

Those members present: R. L. Bass, Jimmy Mayberry, Marvin Mitchell,
Joyce Bennett, Steve Lawson, and Rick Pack.

Others present were: Sammy Carter, Greg Comeau, Earl Dickerson,
Cindy Smith, Times Virginian, William M. Phillips, Town Attorney,
David Garrett, Jr., Mr. & Mrs. David T. McCormick, Ms Audrey Wright,
Ebony Costain, Beverly Carter, and Mary Frances Carter. ,

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council
approved the Consent Agenda with two additions to New Business:
5. Resolution of Support - Virginia Coalition of High Growth
Communities; 6. Resolution of Support ~ H. B. 599 Funding, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Joyce Bennett, reported the Annual Fireman's Supper will be held
On December 3, 1998 at the Frozen Food Locker at 6:00 PM.

Ms. Beverly Carter, appeared before Town Council, to bring a proposal
requesting Council enact a leash ordinance. She presented a petition
in support this ordinance with over 300 names and then proceeded with
her presentation on the need for this law.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Joyce Bennett, Council voted to
refer the request to the Ordinance Committee for their study and
recommendations and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Jimmy Mayberry, Council approved
the Stormwater Detention Plan for the Lawson Office Building as
Presented.

Bass-aye Pack-aye Lawson-aye Bennett-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Jimmy Mayberry, Council approved
The appropriation of $1671.00 out of Sewer Capital Outlay to pay for
the Clean Metals Analysis Samples and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to deny
the request from Founders Furniture for a fire hydrant at the Townâ€™s
cost but Council has no objection to the fire hydrant if Founders pays
the cost for installation.

Bass-aye Pack-aye Bennett-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-~aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to
request the Highway Department to move one of the two handicapped
parking spaces on Court Street in front of the Courthouse,
specifically, the one closest to Morton Lane due to the obstruction of
view and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

