ref: reel_03_0788
date: 1981-12-29
content: Recessed and Reconvened Meeting - December 29, 1981

The recessed and reconvened meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on December 29, 1981, at 5:00 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: T. E. Conner, Ray Nobbz, R. L. Bass, R. C. Hubbard, and W. H. Carson. Mr. T. W. Lawson arrived late.

Also present were: B. H. Mullens, and Judy Voltzow.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to adopt the amendment and re-enactment of the Business License fees as previously advertised, Section 13.2 of Chapter 13, of the Appomattox Town Code. (See copy in Council file, December, 1981.)

Carson-aye Bass-aye R. C. Hubbard-aye Nobbz-aye Conner-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to accept the Auditor's Report, for 1980, as previously submitted to Council. (See copy in Council file dated December, 1981.)

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Nobbz-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Nobbz, Council voted to expend the interest earned on Revenue Sharing funds in the Town's General Fund, as the budgeted entitlement funds were spent.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Nobbz-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Nobbz, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to table Items 1, 2, 5, 7, 8, 9, of the Agenda, until the next regular session, and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

It was general consensus of Council that they had already authorized the Mayor, the Manager, and Mr. Bass, to handle items 3, and 4, of the Agenda.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Nobbz, Council voted to appoint the same Viewers Committee for the closing of Morris Avenue as requested by H. G. Lawson, with the Committee consisting of: Webb Babcock, M. E. Gordon, and Murileet Ferguson, and all members voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 5:15 P.M.
chunk_id: 20833
record_id: 1853
page_number: 1

