ref: reel_02_0166
date: 1946-09-07
content: 1946 Regular meeting of Council Mayor Ames Thomas presiding and the following members present: Aldermen O. Jamieson, G.B. Overholser, W. Jenkins, C. McQuenworm and H. R. James. Minutes of last meeting read and approved. The Sgt. reported a request to Mr. Banks in regard to an additional street light at the intersection of Kenley St., York Rd, and Avon St. On motion duly made & carried - That we notify Mr. Banks that the town will move the Rt. light at the Western Drive way at Mr. Cleveland's residence to Eastern driveway if there is insufficient light at the entrance of Kenley St. On motion by Mr. Jenkins 2nd by Mr. James that we write to the C.P.T. Telephone Co. and ask if they would be interested in a phone system in the town of Adamsville, carried. On motion by Mr. Gordon 2nd Mr. Murcherson that the search of the town's police be fixed by the Mayor and the Sgt., carried. Mr. A. D. Ball presented his resignation as police, the Mayor accede to negotiate as of Sept 1st; on motion duly made & carried the resignation was accepted. On motion by Mr. Hunter 2nd Mr. Dorgan that the application of Mr. E.J. Mitchell for the job of Town Police is accepted and Mr. Mitchell is appointed as Town Police as of Sept 1st 1946 at a salary of $100.00 per month and car expense of $5.00 per month. Mr. Mitchell to furnish his own car and maintain same. A petition was read to the council asking for a new street running near the west end crossing and running south. Property of land of S. Ewan (?) & Harry, Mrs. Booth (?) Mitchell and Mr. Barer Moore, in question was turned over to the street committee to investigate and report to the next meeting.
chunk_id: 19662
record_id: 682
page_number: 1

