ref: reel_02_0180
date: 1946-12-02
content: Regular meeting of Council. Mayor Clint Jones presiding, called the following members: Ryser, S. Hunter, J. E. Jenkins, W. Doughman, E. H. Jenkins, C. R. Cramer, D. M. Meurman, F. A. Loukota. Regular order of business suspended in order to hear a delegation appearing against granting a permit to C. L. Bradley to build a body shop and car room on a lot on Church St. adjoining the M. E. Church property and the R. C. Brewer property. Minutes of last meeting read and approved. On motion by Mr. Jenkins, J. E. Jenkins. Members unanimously approved that the permit asked for by Mr. C. L. Bradley to build a body shop and car room on his lot in Borough was truly refused, carried. On question of permit to Mr. Hammond to build an abattoir, resolved to adjudicate the Mayor & Corporation officials of the town if anyone applied, the request wasn’t approved despite approval carried, seconded by Mr. Jenkins. On motion by Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Jentz, Mr. McIntosh refer any suitable group to construct a frame covered with wire to cover the three open tanks at the disposal plant. Carried. On motion by Mr. Jones, it was declared that any present or future employees located at the disposal plant shall be segregated from any persons and offenders convicted shall be fined not less than $10.00 nor more than $30.00, and does not apply to town officials or to men at work at the plant. Carried. On motion by Mr. Jenkins, second by Mr. Jenkins, that a County Engineer be appointed to inform the flaws & specifications of the 7 complaints estimating their total gross needs, and decide which is best suited to our need and what stock equipment we need and contract for same. Committee: J. H. Jenkins, C. C. Meureman. Carried.
chunk_id: 19676
record_id: 696
page_number: 1

