1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 10, 2017

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, July 10, 2017, at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., M. Erin Finch, Steven T.
Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Member absent:  Mary Lou Spiggle

Others present:  Carlton Duck and Brian Moore, Alive Media TV; Margaret Camel, News &
Advance; Teresa Gabrielson, Times Virginian; Jeff Elder, Facilities Manager; Clarence Monday,
Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all visitors.

Rev. Brian Moore gave the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Appearances
None

Mayor’s Comments
Mayor Harvey offered thoughts and prayers for Councilwoman Mary Lou Spiggle and wished
her a speedy recovery.

Consent Agenda
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda
for July 10, 2017 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business

Update and discussion of the Aquatic Play Area and Restrooms and Aquatic Play Area
Equipment Room.

Mr. Monday, Interim Town Manager provided an update regarding the bids received for the
above-mentioned project.  The bid for the restrooms and aquatic equipment is a valid bid for
$75,194.  The bid received for only the Aquatic Play area is not a valid bid. The bid received for
all of the above-mentioned project is a valid bid for $536,400.  Council appropriated $305,000
for this project in FY 2018.

Mr. Gillespie and Mr. Elder can only estimate the sewer line and electricity based on their
previous experience.

Mayor Harvey – what changed in the numbers from the last time?  $440,000 with the
contingency.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 10, 2017

Mr. Garrett – The only thing I’m aware of from the original proposal is the water reclaim and
electricity sewer line across the creek.

The reclaim unit, $75,000-100,000 wasn’t included originally.

Mr. Elder – The building (restrooms and equipment room) for $75,000 does not include
plumbing and wiring, you can cut (the cost of the building) by changing the block and roof
structure.  The idea was to take the low bid for the building and we would come in plumb the
building by buying the materials and subcontracting to save money.

Mayor Harvey – Is there a figure for the reclamation facility?  Mr. Elder responded $75,000-
100,000.

Mr. Conner – Do we know the operation and maintenance costs annually?

Mr. Monday – Responded that staff has discussed this but it is hard to provide a number for that
tonight.

Mr. Garrett – I know we need to do the restrooms/bathrooms.  They are using a porta-john now
and there are 100’s of people there.  Then we need to see if Council is willing to put the splash
pad back out for bid.

Mr. Elder – There is going to be some new development in the area that will need sewer.

Ms. Puckette – We have the funds in place to get the bathrooms done?

Mayor Harvey – I talked to Mr. Monday about doing the restrooms now and splash pad later.

Mr. Monday – That is correct.

Mr. Conner – Is this going to be a 365 day per year bathroom?  Holidays and weekend?

Mr. Elder – Replied that probably not in the winter months.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to table until the next
regular meeting, any decision on the bathrooms/equipment room, to make it fully operational.
All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to amend the signature
cards at Farmers Bank of Appomattox and Branch Banking and Trust (BB&T) for all accounts
with the following authorized signers:  Gary Shanaberger, Kimberley Ray, Timothy W. Garrett
and Paul D. Harvey.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
July 10, 2017

On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to send a letter to the
Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance thanking them for the opportunity but decline to pay the
invoice.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Puckette, Council voted to table the request for
street lights on North Avenue and Dutch Lane until there is a review of the agreement with the
developer.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Monday reported on the following items:

-  Council gave consensus with sending the request to vacate an unopened and unnamed
alley between Lucy Street and Oakleigh Avenue to the Appomattox Town Planning
Commission.

-  The request by the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce for a Conditional Use
Permit is being sent to the Appomattox Town Planning Commission by consensus.

Mayor Harvey welcomed Kim Ray, Town Treasurer.

Council Concerns:
Mrs. Puckette offered suggested dates for the annual Community Picnic.  Council agreed on
September 22, 2017 and to provide only food this year.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council voted to adjourn at 8:25 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

