1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 28, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, February 28, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Town Hall, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present: Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Nathan A. Simpson, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present: Carlton Duck, Chad Hodges, Jeff Elder; Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town
Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Mayor Conner opened the public hearing and the stated the purpose:

PUBLIC NOTICE OF A PUBLIC HEARING

The Appomattox Town Council will hold a public hearing on Tuesday, February 28, 2023 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.

The purpose of this public hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the following:

1.  Amendment to the FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with

§15.2-2506 Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget amendment by
the Town of Appomattox for FY 2023:

General Fund Expenditures Amendments
Total Expenditures Amendments

607,438.00
607,438.00

General Fund Revenue Amendments
Total Revenue Amendments

607,438.00
607,438.00

Documentation is available at the Appomattox Municipal Building, Town Office, 210 Linden
Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.  If there are any questions,
please contact R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager at 434-352-8268.

Staff presentation - Ms. Casto explained the amendment as a FY23 Operating Budget for the
General Fund for the depot renovation construction and a litter grant.

Public Comments - none

Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 28, 2023

DISCUSSION/ACTION ITEMS:

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to adopt a Resolution
amending the FY 2023 Operating Budget for the General Fund-Resolution #2023-002.
ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes,
Simpson-yes. Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to award the Church Street
Water Line Replacement project to the low bidder, Toney Construction in the amount of
$2,689,000.  ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes,
Puckette – yes, Simpson-yes. Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to award the Downtown
Improvement project to the low bidder, Toney Construction in the amount of $755,580.  ROLL
CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson-
yes. Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to appropriate $500,000
from the FY2023 General Fund undesignated reserve for the Downtown Improvement Project.
ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes,
Simpson-yes. Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve three (3) out
of town water connections for Tax Map #’s 63-8-10, 63-8-5, 63-8-11. All members present
voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to approve $24,600 for a
drug canine for the Appomattox County Sherriff’s Office in FY 2023.  ROLL CALL VOTE:
Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson-yes. Motion
carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to authorize the Town
Manger to execute the contract with Civic Plus for a new Town website in the amount of $4,325
(annually) for FY 2023.  ROLL CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett
– yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson-yes. Motion carried 6-0.

Performance Reviews
Mr. Simpson provided Council with a handout outlining his evaluation plan for the Senior
Leadership of the Town of Appomattox. Mr. Simpson provided the following timeline:

March 10 - The committee will provide the Town Manager with a self-assessment for
completion. He will begin to prep the self-assessment.

March17 - The Town Manager will submit the self-assessment and individual performance
reviews of the Clerk, Treasurer, and Utilities Director for review by the committee.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 28, 2023

March 20-24 - The committee chair will meet with each council member or council members can
submit written comments to the chair.

March 28 - The chair will present a draft evaluation to Council for review in closed session.

April 10 - The committee will meet with the Town Manager to discuss all evaluations.

COUNCIL COMMENTS:

Claudia G. Puckette - thanked Council for voting to fund the drug dog.

Nathan A. Simpson - inquired about the signage for the truck route around Church Street, the
Governors Press Release for Brownfield Grant awards, and the probability of Firefly not being
available in the Town for at least 3 more years.

Timothy W. Garrett - none

Mary Lou Spiggle - thanked Council for the additional funding for the downtown project.

James J. Boyce - none

Jane T. Allen - commented it has been a nice two (2) months on Council. Everything done
tonight is really exciting.

Mayor Conner - offered two suggestions for consideration in the FY2024 budget. The first is to
fund an additional deputy for the Sheriff’s office, contingent upon the County also funding one.
The second item is to fund the vehicle requested by the Sheriff’s office in the FY2023 budget
and then to assign a certain amount of funding each year over a 5-year period for replacement of
the vehicle.

STANDING COMMITTEE REPORTS:

Finance and Planning-none
Physical Development-none
ARPA-none

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
February 28, 2023

STAFF REPORTS:

Kim Ray-presented the financial report as of January 31, 2023. She also reported that 14% of the
Personal Property taxes billed remained unpaid and received DMV stops. There were 192 stops
for the 2022 taxes.

Roxanne Casto-reminded Council that budget meetings would start with the next meeting on
March 13, 2023 at 5:45 pm.

Mr. McGhee-provided an update on the same items identified in his email on February 27, 2023.

Reverend Duck provided Council with a better understanding of the process for the town’s
infomercials.

On a motion by Claudia G. Puckette seconded by Mary Lou Spiggle, Council voted to procure
the first five (5) programs at a total cost of $2500 plus $1000 for mileage expenses. ROLL
CALL VOTE:  Allen – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Simpson-
yes. Motion carried 6-0.

Lastly, James J Boyce, Sr. invited the Town Council to the 70th Anniversary celebration of Bible
Baptist Church on Sunday, March 5, 2023.

ADJOURNMENT:

On a motion by Timothy W. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Nathan A. Simpson, Council voted to
adjourn at 8:37 pm. All council members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

