1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 13, 2023

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, February 13, 2023
at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Claudia G. Puckette, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, and Nathan A. Simpson.

Absent: Timothy W. Garrett

Others:  Jeff Elder, Facilities Director Kim Ray, Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager;
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Mayor’s Comments:  Mayor Conner stated the Council is conducting the matters of the public.

Scheduled Public Appearances:

1.  Honorable Donald D. Simpson, Sheriff, Appomattox County appeared before Council to
thank Council for all they have done for him and his office. The office has 20 full-time
positions and 7 part-time positions. Two (2) of the full-time positions are funded by the
Town of Appomattox. Sheriff Simpson presented Council with the funding obligations
needed for adding a drug canine. The purchase of the canine, training and housing for 4-6
weeks is $12,500. The goal is to have an officer start the training in June 2023. This
would not be an attack dog, but a drug dog, specifically for narcotics, heroin, and meth.
There is an additional one-time expense of approximately $5000 for a good kennel and
concrete pad, $1,500 for a partition for the police vehicle and yearly maintenance for
food and vet expenses of $5,600. This would provide an additional tool to combat drugs.
There is nothing better than a well-trained dog, said Sheriff Simpson. The time frame for
a good working dog is 5-7 years.

Sheriff Simpson also requested the Town consider funding a new vehicle for their fleet.
The approximate cost is $52,000-55,000. This vehicle would be used in the patrol fleet.

Town Council thanked the Sheriff and his office for all they are doing for the community.

2.  Dr. Rob Havers, Appomattox Civil War Museum, President and CEO introduced himself
to Council and provided a handout including a letter and budget. The financial request of
the Town of Appomattox to the Appomattox Civil War Museum is $15,000 per year for 5
years=$75,000.

Mr. Bill Jamerson thanked the Council for the opportunity to speak on behalf of the
advisory committee for Appomattox Civil War Museum. Dr. Havers, Appomattox Civil
War Museum President and CEO has been with the museum for about two (2) years and
is a true asset. Over three (3) years ago Dr. Paul Harvey tried to get more interest and

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 13, 2023

support for the museum. Appomattox needed a voice. About 15-16 local citizens created
a local advisory board who started having activities and a campaign to raise money.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to add NB#6-
Consideration to recommend Jacob Ranson to the Joint Board of Zoning Appeals. All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Simpson, Council voted to add NB#7-Council
discussion of the process for the managerial evaluation. All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 5-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for Monday, February 13, 2023 as presented with the addition of NB#6-Consideration to
recommend Jacob Ranson to the Joint Board of Zoning Appeals and NB#7-Council discussion of
the process for the managerial evaluation. All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business: none

New Business
Mr. Elder, Facilities Director, advised Council there are two (2) sewer pumps needing to be
replaced for a cost not to exceed $10,000 in the FY2023 budget. Council informed Mr. Elder that
if the fund appears to be low near the end of the fiscal year a budget amendment may be needed.
Otherwise, based on historical data, the fund should be able to absorb this expense.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to recommend Jacob
Ranson to the Joint Board of Zoning Appeals with a term expiring December 31, 2024. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 5-0.

Ms. Spiggle recommended Mr. Simpson lead the evaluation process of the Town Manager. Mr.
Simpson, Ms. Spiggle, and Mr. Boyce will serve on the evaluation committee. Council provided
consensus as no vote was needed.

Council Standing Committee Reports:

Mrs. Puckette commented staff is learning more about American Rescue Plan Act funding and
will be putting forth a list.

Finance and Planning Committee: none

Physical Development Committee:  none

Citizen Comment:
None

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
February 13, 2023

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided a written report and updated on the following items:
  He attended a meeting of the Appomattox Tourism Committee
  FY2024 budget developments are well underway.
  He and Mrs. Puckette met with the owners of the Courtland Manufacturing building to

address safety concerns.

  He will be attending the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors meeting on February

21, 2023 to request a waiver of the building permit fees for the depot.

  He will begin retrieving the Town data for Lee Grant Avenue improvement. Mr. Elder

will provide the Hurt & Proffitt study to Mr. McGhee.

  The company inquiring to open a business for skilled gaming is considering adding

Appomattox as an area for a restaurant and bar as a primary business.
  Mr. McGhee also provided an update on the Train Depot renovations.

Council Comment:

Mrs. Puckette – none

Mr. Simpson-asked Mr. McGhee to obtain an executed copy of the agreement with Dominion
Virginia Energy for the Internet Service Provider. Also, he would like the Town to execute the
contract for a new website.

Mrs. Allen – none

Mr. Boyce – none

Ms. Spiggle – Happy Valentine's Day tomorrow to everyone.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mrs. Allen, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 pm.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

