Regular Meeting - May 13, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, may 13, 1991 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, H.'W. Conner, R. L. Bass,
Marvin Mitchell, S. H.’ Carter, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.
The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to approve the Consent Agenda and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

General Consensus of Town Council to approve the two lease agree-
ments for the Chamber of Commerce and Whistlé Stop T-Shirt.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, sedonded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to accept the recommedation of the Appomattox Planning, Commission
on Cardinal Chevrolet and grant the Conditional Use Pééemit as re-
quested to build a Shop.

Bass~aye Carter-aye Conner-aye Carson-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
authorized Mayor Spigglie to obtain three prices on the construction
of a sidewalk and asphalt paving of the Parking lot at the New
Library and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to
grant Charles E. Franklin a “leave of absence" as of March 8, 1991
and this "leave""will continue if need by until August 1, 1991.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye
Mitchell-aye Motion carried. :

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. conner, Council

voted to move the pay telephone from the end of the Depot to the
area between the parking lot and Lee Street and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to declaré the 1977 Chevrolet Car and the two whe#l Trailer as
Surplus Property and sell them at the next School Sale, and all
those present voting aye. Motion Carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. conner, Council voted to
refer to the Street Committee the request for a Street light on
Route 631 in the vicinity of the Drewry Residence, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further buiness, the meeting adjourned.

CfmanQ ePeriet MAYOR
R.C. Spiggle

