ref: reel_03_0672
date: 1982-09-13
content: Page 2 - September 13, 1982

It was general consensus of Council that they will use Departments as a budget guideline for expenditures.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved the Financial Statement for August, 1982, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council adopted a resolution on the V.D.H.U.D:

Resolved, by the Appomattox Town Council:

1. Authorized the Towns' staff to prepare the proposal for the sewerage improvements in the Town of Appomattox for submittal to the Virginia Department of Housing and Urban Development for grant funding consideration.

2. Authorized the Town Manager of the Town to complete the application for grant funds from the Virginia Department of Housing & Community Development and to execute the application and its assurances and forward the same to the offices of the Department for consideration.

Carter-aye Carson-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Mr. Noble, for Council to agree to adjust the boundaries at the Ben Marshall property, the Apartment Houses on Booth Drive, and Mrs. King's property, if she desires to be in Town, and if not, her property will be dropped from this motion.

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye
Motion carried.

Council discussed the recommendations of the Property Committee on the Ball Park.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to accept the report from the Property Committee, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to table Item 1, New Business, until the next regular meeting, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

In accordance with Section 2.1-344, Mayor Spiggle asked for an Executive Session to discuss personnel.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to go into Executive Session, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried unanimously.

Council reconvened in regular session at 9:50 P.M.
chunk_id: 20759
record_id: 1779
page_number: 1

