ref: reel_02_0350
date: 1959-05-18
content: Motion was made by John Grinels, seconded by G. E. Smith, that the first two weeks in May from May 2 through May 15 be designated as "Clean-Up Week". Motion carried. 

A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by John Grinels, that the Town accept J. C. Caldwell's resignation as Member of the Town Council. Motion carried. 

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town Manager have the Town Office painted. Motion carried. 

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of May 18, 1959. 

Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor 
Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk 

MAY 1959 

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on May 18, 1959 at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding. 

The following members were present: G. E. Smith, John S. Grinels, C. Lewis McDearmon, T. Hunter Dickerson, and C. C. Poe. 

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read. 

Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon seconded by C. C. Poe, that the Town tar and gravel the street between Moses Motor Co., Appomattox Oil Co., and the Ice Plant. Motion carried. 

A motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, that the Town put up the necessary road signs on the roads leading into town, if we can get the necessary permit from the Highway Department. Motion carried. 

Motion was made by John Grinels, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town extend for one year the franchise to Central Virginia Gas Company. Motion carried. 

Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town put in a sewer and water line on the southside of North Avenue approximately 300 ft. Motion carried. 

Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by G. E. Smith, that the Town give R. B. Haley, Jr., $5.00 per month for 6 months of the year and the county to pay $5.00 per month for 6 months, for turning in the fire alarm, to be paid in June and December. Motion carried. 

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again
chunk_id: 19834
record_id: 854
page_number: 1

