1  Appomattox Town Council

Budget Work Session
April 8, 2024

The Appomattox Town Council held a Budget work session on Monday, April 8, 2024, at 5:45
p.m. at the Appomattox Town Hall, Council Chambers, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.

Members present: Jane T. Allen, James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W. Garrett,
Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson and Mayor Richard Conner

Others present: Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager; Christy Torrence,
Interim Clerk of Council; Dana Glover, Kaylee Simpson, Mckinley Cardwell, Stephanie
Pawelczyk

Mayor Conner called the budget work session to order.

Mrs. Ray discussed the draft of the FY 2025 budget for the Town of Appomattox that Council
was given at the last budget work session on March 26, 2024.

Mrs. Ray proposed a 3% cost of living adjustment for FY 2025 budget as that seems to be what
other localities are doing. She also proposed that 1% of the budget be designated for donations.

Council agreed on the following donations:
Til the End of Time Sanctuary-$1,000
T & C Promotions-$0
Appomattox for Equality-$1,000
Appomattox Youth Sports-$4,000
Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival-$10,000
A suggestion was made to give $2,000 to the American Civil War Museum. The following roll
call vote was recorded. ROLL CALL: Allen-yes, Simpson-yes, Garrett-no, Puckette-no, Boyce-
no, Spiggle-no. By a 4-2 vote, Council voted to give $0 to the American Civil War Museum.

It was decided that donations for the sheriff’s department, fire department, and rescue would be
removed from the donation line item and be taken from the general fund. Experience
Appomattox would be removed from the donation line item and be taken from tourism line item.

ADJOURNMENT:

The budget work session adjourned at 6:25 pm.

Christy Torrence
Interim Clerk

             Richard C. Conner
             Mayor

