ref: reel_03_0065
date: 1975-11-10
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, November 10, 1975 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Those present were Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, R. C. Spiggle, M. J. House, Jr., and Mrs. Earle Robinson.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mrs. Paige Nolen and Mrs. Carolyn Thompson, Junior Woman's Club, met with Council to discuss the 1976 Historic Railroad Festival. They officially requested the Town to serve as co-sponsor in 1976. Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Conner to co-sponsor the 1976 Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival. Ayes 5 Nays 0 Motion carried.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

The minutes of several committee meetings and a special Council meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. Pack reported he was appointing the same people to collect donations for the Appomattox Volunteer Firemen.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Guill to hold the Firemen's Banquet on December 15, 1975. Motion carried.

Mr. Spiggle made a motion to have the Fire Alarm set off at 11:00 on November 11th in observance of Veterans Day, seconded by Mr. House. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle was requested by Council to check into the availability of funds to remodel the "Depot".

Mr. Slagle read the minutes of the Street Committee meeting.

Mr. Guill made the motion to accept the recommendation of the Street Committee to eliminate perpendicular parking on Court Street for its entire length, seconded by Mr. Conner. Ayes 5 Nays 0 Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle presented the winning entry for the Seal contest. No action was taken at this time on adoption of the Seal.

Mr. Pack reported that he had attended a dinner meeting at "Riverview" by Virginia Fibre Corporation. He explained the measures that Virginia Fibre are taking to control their odor problem.

Mr. Slagle reported on Step I of our regional sewerage plan.
chunk_id: 20276
record_id: 1296
page_number: 1

