Page 2 of 2
Council Minutes -November 14, 1994

Tom Conrad - This is a cultural center. We need to develop

an activity of this kind. Set the ground rules
and live with them.

Bill Slagle - Would like to see this granted, and as the
property owner would work with Town Council

Mr. Bernard Proctor, PE, reported to Council on the Industrial
Site. He has suggested we proceed with connection of Well 42 as
soon as possible. He will present a written report on the
industrial site later. He also reported on approximate costs

to serve proposed 6 to 8 houses on Sunnydale Avenue. Council
authorized the Mayor to discuss this matter with Mr: Jamerson
again.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to table Item 4, New Business: D. S. Nash's request for

10. additional connections—until—Mayor -Spiggle—has—an-opportunity-
to talk with him and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

Mr. Bass reported that the Town needs to order a new Dump truck
in 1995. This truck will be used to push snow also.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to place the order with the State for a 1995 Diesel Dump
Truck at a price of $36,880.00 and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to authorize Mayor Spiggle to contact the County regarding
right of way for Evergreen Avenue, then proceed with contacting
Norfolk & Southern Railway, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted
to deny the request of Mrs. Joan Rockwell for a dance permit

at the Mushroom Factory, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

Cborreth. C. pes MAYOR

R. C. Spiggle

Bobbie H.

203

