Bobbie H.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to adopt the
Drug and Alcohol Abuse Policy for the Town of Appomattox effective immediately
as amended by Council and all those present voting aye. Motion carried. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Steve Lawson, Council voted to adopt the
Appomattox Comprehensive Plan and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to approve the water
connection for William David Scruggs on St. Route 677 and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to advertise
their intent to adopt an ordinance as it pertains to parking spaces reserved for
certain disabled persons Section 66-81 and hold a public hearing to be held at
7:00 PM September 9, 1996, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted in accordance with Section
2.1-344, Subsections 1, 3, and 5, Code of Virginia to go into Executive Session.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Mayberry-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by R. L. Base’ Town’ Council reconvened into

regular session, in accordance with the provisions of tlhe Virginia Freedom of Information Act: “ °

Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, requires certification by Council that they executive
session conformed with Virginia Law Council hereby certifies that only such public business
matters as identified in the motion to go into Executive Session were discussed, The motion was
passed with the following recorded vote:

Ayes: Bass, Carter, Lawson, Mayberry mm - d ‘

Noes: None sgh tg atest ae et . eee eae

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council unanimously elected RIMiBass  *

as Vice-Mayor for the remaining Term of Office arid all’those present voting aye. Motion
carried. ) ;

CLERK

ghusie? 3

247

