ref: reel_02_0601
date: 1971-12-20
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council Room on December 20, 1971 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, T. E. Conner, W. L. Webb, Ivey Holland, and R. C. Hubbard.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

Mr. David Nash appeared before the Council to ask if the Town would furnish water to a proposed subdivision beyond the end of Route 1009, and what would be required of him. The matter was referred to the Water Committee.

Webb reported that he had instructed the Oren Roanoke Co. as to the lettering to be put on the new fire truck.

Conner reported on the progress of the rat campaign.

Holland moved and Hubbard seconded that action on the proposed livestock ordinance be deferred until the January meeting. Motion carried.

Holland moved and Hubbard seconded that the budget for 1972 be adopted as presented. Motion carried.

Town Attorney Harry G. Lawson advised the Council that ordinances must be published for two weeks before they are acted on.

He stated that the proposed livestock ordinance is in legal form, and ready to be acted on.

After a discussion on unpaid back taxes, Holland moved, and Webb seconded that Mr. Lawson be instructed to use his judgment, and take necessary steps to collect the back taxes. Motion carried.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor
Signed C. S. Booth Clerk
chunk_id: 20071
record_id: 1091
page_number: 1

