ref: reel_02_0377
date: 1961-04-18
content: APRIL MEETING
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on April 18, 1961, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding.
The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, J. T. Almond, Dr. S. R. Lawson, H. B. Pack, Randolph Gilbert and Ivey Holland.
Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.
A motion was made by R. R. Gilbert, seconded by Ivey Holland, That the Town of Appomattox agrees to put in the storm sewer pipe on Ernest Rogers property when the Town employees have time from their other work and put back only the dirt that comes out of the ditch. Voting for: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Holland, Dr. Lawson, and Mr. Pack. Voting against: Mr. Almond.
There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of May 15, 1961.
Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk
A meeting of the Ordinance Committee was held in the Mayor's Office on April 24, 1961, at 7:30 P.M., to make any corrections in the Town Code that are necessary. Members present were: Dr. Lawson, Mrs. Robinson, H. B. Pack and Chas. P. Crawley.
SPECIAL MEETING
A Special Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on April 26, 1961, at 7:00 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, R. R. Gilbert, H. B. Pack, Dr. Lawson, and Ivey Holland.
The purpose of the meeting as called was to decide what to do about going on Day Light Saving Time.
Motion was made by Dr. Lawson, seconded by Ivey Holland, That the Council recommend to the Board of Supervisors that the County and Town go on Daylight Saving Time as of May 1, 1961 and end October 31, 1961. The Council further agrees to abide by the decision of the Board of Supervisors. Motion carried.
Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19861
record_id: 881
page_number: 1

