1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 19, 2024

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Tuesday, March 19,
2024, at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council members present were James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Jane T. Allen, Nathan Simpson

Others present were Christy Torrence; Interim Clerk of Council, Jeff Elder; Facilities Director,
Kim Ray; Treasurer, Terry McGhee; Town Manager, Carlton Duck, Dana Glover, Charles
Conrad, Frank Wright, Terry Jamerson, Gloria Carter, Sam Carter, Kaylee Simpson, Garet
Bosiger, Susan Adams, Robby Richardson, Bryan Baine, Sara Conner, John Hinkle, Don Wilk,
Nancy Wilk, Anthony Johnson, Mike Kirk, McKinley Cardwell, Janet Kirk

Mayor Conner called the Special Call meeting to order.

A brief public comment session was held.

Mr. Simpson made a statement and read a resolution that he requested Council adopt.

Action:
A motion was made by Mrs. Allen, seconded by Mr. Simpson, to adopt the resolution to rescind
the censure of Mr. Simpson. Mrs. Puckette made an amended motion to adopt a resolution to
resend the censure of Mr. Simpson and require all Council members and Mayor Conner attend
and complete professionalism training through a professionally designed course.

Roll Call Vote:
Boyce – abstain, Spiggle-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette– yes, Simpson-yes, Allen-yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS,

the Appomattox Town Council adopted a resolution to censure and admonish
councilman Nathan Simpson on March 11, 2024; and,

WHEREAS,   the hearing of testimony and statement of accusations constituted a trial; and,

WHEREAS,   Nathan Simpson was not made aware of the accusations and was not party to the
                         trial.

NOW, THEREFORE,  BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX:

2  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 19, 2024

1.  The Town Council did not abide by Robert’s Rules of Order in its adoption of a

Resolution to Censure Nathan Simpson.

2.  Any further attempt of the Appomattox Town Council to censure Nathan Simpson for the

alleged conduct would constitute double jeopardy.

3.  The Appomattox Town Council rescinds the resolution to censure and admonish Nathan

Simpson.

4.  That this resolution shall become effective upon its adoption.
5.  Attend and complete professionalism training.

AS RECORDED,

Jane Allen-yes
James Boyce, Sr.-abstained
Timothy Garrett-yes
Claudia Puckette-yes
Nathan Simpson-yes
Mary Lou Spiggle-yes

Adopted:_______________________________________

Certified:_______________________________________

Council Comments:

Mr. Boyce:  As a Master of a US tugboat specializing in threat assessment, after hearing the
perspective of Mrs. Puckette and Ms. Spiggle I consider Mr. Simpson’s actions to be threatening
and believe it will happen again.

Ms. Allen: Thanks everyone for being here. We have work to do, let’s do it.

Mr. Garrett:  none

Ms. Spiggle:  I know what happened in the parking lot. I apologize for putting my hand on
Kaylee’s shoulder. It will never happen again; I will never touch her again.

Mrs. Puckette: I am a widow; I live alone, and I am frightened.

Mr. Simpson: You can’t continue to poke. I’m done and I hope you are too.

Mayor Conner: I thought I had a good working council. I let meetings get out of order. I hope
that with training we can move forward for the benefit of the voters and all citizens of the Town
of Appomattox. Let’s get past this and continue the good work.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 19, 2024

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrertt, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:25 p.m. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Christy Torrence
Interim Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

