1  Appomattox Town Council

Special Call Council Meeting
March 19, 2024

The Appomattox Town Council held a Special Call Council meeting on Tuesday, March 19,
2024, at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Conner, presiding.

Town Council members present were James J. Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle, Timothy W.
Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Jane T. Allen, Nathan Simpson

Others present were Christy Torrence; Interim Clerk of Council, Jeff Elder; Facilities Director,
Kim Ray; Treasurer, Terry McGhee; Town Manager, Carlton Duck, Dana Glover, Charles
Conrad, Frank Wright, Terry Jamerson, Gloria Carter, Sam Carter, Kaylee Simpson, Garet
Bosiger, Susan Adams, Robby Richardson, Bryan Baine, Sara Conner, John Hinkle, Don Wilk,
Nancy Wilk, Anthony Johnson, Mike Kirk, McKinley Cardwell, Janet Kirk

Mayor Conner called the Special Call meeting to order.

A brief public comment session was held.

Mr. Simpson made a statement and read a resolution that he requested Council adopt.

Action:
A motion was made by Mrs. Allen, seconded by Mr. Simpson, to adopt the resolution to resend
the censure of Mr. Simpson. Mrs. Puckette made an amended motion to adopt a resolution to
resend the censure of Mr. Simpson and require all Council members and Mayor Conner attend
and complete professionalism training through a professionally designed course.

Roll Call Vote:
Boyce – abstain, Spiggle-yes, Garrett-yes, Puckette– yes, Simpson-yes, Allen-yes.  Motion
carried 5-0.

<Insert Resolution>

Council Comments:

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrertt, seconded by Mrs. Allen, Council voted to adjourn at 7:25 p.m. All
members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Richard C. Conner, Mayor

