ref: reel_02_0362
date: 1960-03-21
content: It shall be a misdemeanor to violate this Ordinance. Any person, firm or company violating this Ordinance shall be fined not less than $1.00 or more than $5.00 for each offense. This Ordinance shall become effective on the first day of March, 1960, and continue in force until repealed. Motion carried. Motion was made by Dr. S. R. Lawson, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town of Appomattox open and make passable First Street so the Highway Department will accept it. Motion carried. Motion was made by Randolph Gilbert, seconded by J. T. Almond, that the Town run a water and sewer line up First Street to the lot purchased by W. W. Blythe. Motion carried. There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of March 21, 1960. Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk MARCH 1960 The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on March 21, 1960, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Randolph Gilbert, Ivey Holland, H. B. Pack, J. T. Almond, and Dr. S. R. Lawson. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read. Motion was made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Dr. Lawson, that the town purchase the necessary trash cans and tops for the town. Motion carried. There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of April 18, 1960. Signed C. J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19846
record_id: 866
page_number: 1

