1  Special Call Council Meeting
Tuesday, September 2, 2014

A Special Call Council Meeting was held on Tuesday, September 2, 2014 at 7:00 p.m. at the
Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Harvey,
presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H.
Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Bill Jamerson, Phillip Jamerson, Winfred Nash, Buddy Conner, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director, Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the Special Call Council meeting to order.

On a motion by Council Member Garrett, seconded by Council Member McDearmon, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 5 of the Code of Virginia
(1950), as amended, for the purpose of discussion concerning a prospective business or industry
or the expansion of an existing business or industry where no previous announcement has been
made of the business or industry’s interest in locating or expanding its facilities in the
community and pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 6 of the Code of Virginia (1950), as amended,
for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where
competition or bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the
governmental unit would be adversely affected, specifically for discussion of a prospective new
business, when the business has made no previous announcement of their interest or intent,
specifically being prospective project A.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Mayberry – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Mayberry made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLOVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

2  Special Call Council Meeting
Tuesday, September 2, 2014

The motion was seconded by Council Member McDearmon and Council by the following
recorded vote adopted the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Mayberry – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette – yes.

On a motion by Council Member Conner, seconded by Council Member Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

