1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 8, 2008

At the Regular Council Meeting of the Appomattox Town Council held on December 8, 2008 at
6:30 pm in the Council Chambers, Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, there present were Mayor Paul D. Harvey, presiding and Council
members Bryan J. Baine, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., John T. “Plicky”
Williams, Karl E. Carter.  Absent was Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs.   Also in attendance were
Chad Millner, Nina Beasley, Ben Harvey, Benny Harvey, Joyce Bennett, Bob Hopkins, Cliff
Harvey, Stephanie James, Carlton Duck, David Garrett, Jr. and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry and with the
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to convene in Closed Session, pursuant to §2.2-
3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of subject
matter including the salary and/or compensation of a specific public appointee of the Town,
specifically being Appointee A.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – absent.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this council.

VOTE:  Baine – aye, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter – aye,
Jamerson-Scruggs – absent.

The regular meeting began at 7:30 p.m.

Mayor Harvey welcomed everyone.

Rev. John Muth gave the invocation.

On a motion by Councilmember Williams, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with the
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the consent agenda as presented.  Motion
carried.

Public Comments – none

Mayor’s Comments:

1.  Mayor Harvey thanked the Community of Candles committee, New Beginnings Ministry,
Rev. Childress, Appomattox County High School Jazz Group, Bible Baptist Church for
the Live Nativity and the Appomattox Assembly for the candles used at the Annual
Community of Candles.

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 8, 2008

Appearances – None

Unfinished Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon and with the
council members present voting “aye”, Council voted to amend and reenact Chapter 5, entitled
Administration of the Appomattox Town Council.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Williams and with the
council members present voting “aye”, Council voted to amend and reenact Chapter 33, entitled
Procurement Policy of the Appomattox Town Council.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry, Council
voted to hire the firm of Hurt & Proffitt to complete the VPDES Permit for No. VA0020257 and
No. VA0020249.  Vote:  Baine – no, Mayberry – aye, McDearmon – aye, Williams – aye, Carter
– no.  Motion carried 3 to 2.

On a motion by Councilmember Baine, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with the
members present voting “aye”, Council voted to advertise the Request for Proposals for
Engineering and Related Services Basic Ordering Agreement as presented.  Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Mayberry and with the
council members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the following resolution:
Endorsement Resolution by the Town of Appomattox for the Appomattox Elementary School
Travel Plan and the Appomattox Middle School Travel Plan.  Motion carried.

ENDORSEMENT RESOLUTION BY THE TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
FOR THE
APPOMATTOX ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TRAVEL PLAN
AND THE
APPOMATTOX MIDDLE SCHOOL TRAVEL PLAN

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to increasing pedestrian access to resources within the
Town and to resources within the adjoining county and;

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, in partnership with the Appomattox County School Division, and
the Appomattox Pedestrian Access Committee has undergone a public process to investigate
opportunities for creating safe walking and biking opportunities to access the County public schools
located within the Town of Appomattox; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to creating an environment where walking and biking
to schools located within the Town is a safe, viable, and well-utilized transportation option for area
children and families to access schools; and

3  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 8, 2008

WHEREAS, the Appomattox Elementary School Travel Plan and the Appomattox Middle School Travel
Plan provide an organized and comprehensive strategy to achieve the goal of advancing alternative
transportation access and to increase healthy lifestyle opportunities for area children;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE APPOMATTOX TOWN COUNCIL that the Town of
Appomattox endorses both the Appomattox Elementary School Travel Plan and the Appomattox Middle
School Travel Plan.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Carter and with the
council members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adopt the following resolution:
Resolution of Support for Application Submittal to the Virginia Department of Transportation
Virginia Safe Routes to School Program.  Motion carried.

RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
for Application Submittal to the
Virginia Department of Transportation
VIRGINIA SAFE ROUTES TO SCHOOL PROGRAM

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to increasing pedestrian access to resources within the
Town and to resources within the adjoining county and;

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox, in partnership with the Appomattox County School Division, and
the Appomattox Pedestrian Access Committee has undergone a public process to investigate
opportunities for creating safe walking and biking opportunities to access the County public schools
located within the Town of Appomattox; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox is committed to creating an environment where walking and biking
to schools located within the Town is a safe, viable, and well-utilized transportation option for area
children and families to access schools; and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox recognizes that providing healthy lifestyle opportunities and safe
access to physical activity is vital in the long-term health and wellbeing of children and the community;
and

WHEREAS, the Appomattox Elementary School Travel Plan and the Appomattox Middle School Travel
Plan provide an organized and comprehensive strategy to achieve the goal of advancing alternative
transportation access and to increase healthy lifestyle opportunities for area children; and

WHEREAS, the Appomattox Elementary School Travel Plan and the Appomattox Middle School Travel
Plan have been endorsed by the Appomattox community and;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council requests assistance from the
Virginia Department of Transportation through the Virginia Safe Routes to School Program to establish
a project to improve safety and welfare to school-age pedestrian traffic through improvement of the
current substandard pedestrian infrastructure and development of a comprehensive pedestrian education
and enhancement program within the Appomattox.

4  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 8, 2008

On a motion by Councilmember Carter, seconded by Councilmember Baine, Council voted to
advertise the position of Town Manager (including the responsibilities of Zoning Administrator
and Director of Public Works) as presented on December 8, 2008.  Vote:  Baine – aye, Mayberry
– no, McDearmon – no, Williams – aye, Carter – aye.  Motion carried 3 to 2.

Council Concerns –

1.   The meeting (water committee) between the Town Council and Board of Supervisors is
scheduled for Wednesday, December 17, 2008 at 5:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County
Administrator’s Office, 153 A Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.

2.  David Garrett, Town Manager will be coordinating a meeting with DEQ, Mr. Mayberry

and Mr. Charles Garrett regarding the permit modification at the TFP.

3.  The process of narrowing applicants for the position of Tourism Director has taken place

and staff will be contacting the applicants for interviews.

On a motion by Councilmember McDearmon, seconded by Councilmember Williams and with
the members present voting “aye”, Council voted to adjourn at 8:05 p.m.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, CMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey,
Mayor

