ref: reel_02_0684
date: 1973-05-16
content: Mr. Pack reported that the Central Virginia Planning Commission wants locally elected officials to serve on various policy committees in the areas of: intergovernmental and legislative policies, transportation policies, public safety policies, physical development policies, environmental policies, and community resources policies. There were no volunteers.

Meeting adjourned.

Signed __________ H. B. Pack Mayor

Signed __________ B. H. Mullins Clerk

Street Committee

A meeting of the Street and Light Committee was held on Wednesday May 16, 1973 at 7:30 P.M. Those present were Mr. Burke Guill, Mr. T. E. Conner, and Mrs. Calvin Robinson.

After some discussion the "Committee" decided to recommend that the following described streets be turned over to the Virginia Department of Highways for maintenance purposes through the 0.25 mile allotment:

1. Road serving Well Lot Number 8 as platted by Ralph P. Hines and recorded February 16, 1973 for a total length of 531 feet.

2. Lee-Grant Avenue at its intersection with Church street as shown on sketch by W. S. Slagle dated May 16, 1973 for a total length of 165 feet.

3. Virginia Avenue extended to the Thomasville for a total distance of 563 feet as shown on plat by Ralph P. Hines dated June 15, 1972.

The "Committee" also decided to recommend to the Town Council that the angle parking on Main Street and on Court Street be eliminated and that parallel parking be permitted on both sides of Main Street.

Burke Guill, Chairman
chunk_id: 20145
record_id: 1165
page_number: 1

