ref: reel_02_0329
date: 1957-10-21
content: OCTOBER 1957
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on October 21, 1957, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding.
The following members were present: J.C. Caldwell, John S. Grinels, G.E. Smith, C.C. Poe, C. Lewis McDearmon, and T. Hunter Dickerson.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.
A Motion was made by C. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by C. C. Poe, that a street light be put on the last pole on Maple Avenue. Motion carried.
Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town get George Abbitt to prepare the proper papers to advertise and sell the old Town Dump. Motion carried.
A Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, that the Town get 25 Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department Auto Tags. Motion carried.
There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of November 18, 1957.
Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk

SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on October 28, 1957, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding.
The following members were present: T. Hunter Dickerson, C.C. Poe, John S. Grinels, G.E. Smith, C. Lewis McDearmon and J.C. Caldwell.
A motion was made by John S. Grinels, seconded by C. Lewis McDearmon, That the Town Council request the County Sheriff to place a Deputy on duty every school day during the time the school buses are entering Route 460. Motion carried.
Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by T. Hunter Dickerson, That the Town hire Mr. Strode Burks as Town Policeman at $1.50 per hour. Motion carried.
The meeting adjourned.
Signed Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Mayor
Signed C.J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19813
record_id: 833
page_number: 1

