ref: reel_02_0572
date: 1970-10-19
content: The regular meeting of Appomattox Town Council was held on October 19, 1970 at 7:30 P.M. in the Council Room with Mayor H. B. Pack presiding.

Members present were Mrs. Calvin Robinson, Burke Guill, Ivey Holland, T. E. Conner, R. C. Hubbard, and M. L. Webb.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved.

The Mayor welcomed T. E. Conner as the member of the Council.

Mr. Bill Sperry appeared before the Council to report on the progress of the Rescue Squad Drive for funds and to request a donation.

Mr. Harry G. Lawson, Attorney, reported that he will represent the Town in objecting to the large phone rate increase. He also said that he will take people who owe back taxes to court on November 5, 1970.

Hubbard moved and Mrs. Robinson seconded that Mr. Lawson be appointed to represent the Town and try to prevent the large phone rate increases sought by the First Colony Telephone Company. Motion carried.

The Mayor instructed the Property Committee to open the bids for the new chassis and cab for the garbage truck and award the contract after the meeting was over.

Webb reported that he has been asked to see if the Town would buy a new Fire truck. He was requested to get prices etc.

The Mayor announced the standing committees as follows:

ACCOUNT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE
Ivey Holland - Chairman
T. E. Conner
R. C. Hubbard

STREET AND LIGHT COMMITTEE
Burke Guill - Chairman
Mrs. Calvin Robinson
T. E. Conner

POLICE AND HEALTH COMMITTEE
T. E. Conner - Chairman
R. C. Hubbard
M. L. Webb
chunk_id: 20042
record_id: 1062
page_number: 1

