# REGULAR MEETING – December 13, 2004

Page 2 of 3

AA

“Page 2 of 3 ae
December 13, 2004,

Personnel Committee -

On a recommendation by Councilmember Mitchell, the Personnel Committee
recommends compensating on call employees a minimum of 2 (two) hours, when called
out for an emergency, effective immediately. All members present voting aye. Motiort
carried. ;

Ona motion by Councilmember Wilson, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to advertise the vacancy on the Appomattox Planning Commission created
by the resignation of Jim Sefter. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On‘a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to cancel the December 28, 2004 Workshop Meeting.. All members
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Discussion was held concerning the use of the downstairs space when it becomes
available after the Fire Department moves to their new location, Council directed the
Town Manager to discuss the matter with the County Administrator with regards to a:
joint meeting room, possibly obtaining a cost estimate for renovating and bring back to
Council in January 2005.

‘David Garrett, Town Manager, discussed with Town Council snow removal within the
Town Limits. There are some budgetary concerns with snow removal this year. Last
year, the Town spent $17,596.00, 76 overtime hours, 168 regular manpower hours, 244
equipment hours for 4 snow events, Councilmember Lawson suggested contacting other
small towns to see how they address the issue with VDOT. Councilmember Mayberry
suggested David get a report back from VDOT as to whay they would be willing to do.
‘The pushing of town streets is.an auxiliary service provided by the Town to VDOT and
has been going on for a number of years.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to purchase the 16 ft, Hercules Emergency Equipment Trailer for
$5,225.00. All members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Qn a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Wilson,
Council voted to convene in closed session, pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A)7 of the
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of consultation with legal council
employed or retained by the Council regarding specific legal matters requiring the

~ provision of legal advice by such counsel, specifically being legal issues relating to legal

procedures for the recovery of damages due to the negligent design of the Wastewater
Treatment Plant on Ethel Street.