ref: reel_03_0652
date: 1982-02-08
content: On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to table Item 4, Old Business, until the March meeting and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to re-instate the 60 day Emergency Zoning Ordinance for the newly acquired boundary for the Town of Appomattox, and all members voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to accept the recommendations of the Water Committee as stated in the minutes of the Committee meeting. (See copy in Council file - February 1981).

Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Report on Virginia Water Projects on their approval of the Town's plans for the use of the money from the grant.

Council was in general consensus that the Mayor be responsible for the Town Manager's Schools and training sessions.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to adopt a resolution opposing the H.B. 157, and requested Mr. Britton to attend the hearing in Richmond on February 10, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

Council was informed of VEPCO's proposed rate increase.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to grant Mr. Lowe's request to extend his "burn" cycle on 2nd shift thru June 30, 1982, and all members voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner Council granted permission for the Septic Tank permit on Sunnydale Avenue in accordance with State Health Department's regulations and the owner will be solely responsible for the maintenance of this septic tank.

Carson-aye Conner-aye Bass-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported on the 1982 Insurance policies for the Town.

Mr. Noble thanked Town Employees for their help during the recent bad weather we experienced.

Council adjourned at 9:10 P.M.
chunk_id: 20739
record_id: 1759
page_number: 1

