1  Public Hearing

Monday, November 8, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a public hearing on Monday, November 8, 2010 at 7:15
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.

Town Council Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr.,
Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett
and Mayor Paul D. Harvey.

Others:  Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order.

Mayor Harvey stated the purpose of the public hearing.

The Appomattox Town Council will hold a public hearing pursuant to §§15.2-1800 and/or 15.2-
1802 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, on Monday, November 8, 2010 at 7:15 p.m. at
the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia to hear citizen
comments regarding the conveyance of a Right of Way Agreement for land in the Town of
Appomattox for the purpose of allowing Virginia Electric and Power Company, a Virginia public
service corporation, doing business in Virginia as Dominion Virginia Power to upgrade the
electric facilities. The Right of Way Agreement area is described as follows:

Area within tax map # 645A (16) 5 on property owned by the Town of Appomattox on
the corner of Court Street and Linden Street.

No comments were received during the public hearing.

The public hearing was declared closed for public comments at 7:25 p.m.

Mr. Gillespie, Interim Town Manager cautioned Council to proceed slowly with the request.  He
advised that the request would inhabit the Town’s ability of its only green space in front of the
Municipal Building.

The public hearing was considered closed at 7:30 p.m.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

