1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, November 23, 2010 at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Bill & June Goodrich, Stephanie James, Jeff Elder, Bob Hopkins, Hurt & Proffitt;
Carlton & Brian, Alive Media TV; Tracey Shaw, Edmund & Williams; Bill Gillespie, Interim
Town Manager; and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted to
accept the proposal of SunTrust Bank to purchase a $650,000 Water/Sewer System Improvement
General Obligation Bond for 15 years at 3.84% rate.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Bennett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to adopt the following resolution:

A  RESOLUTION  AUTHORIZING  THE  ISSUANCE  AND  SALE  OF  A
$650,000.00  WATER  AND  SEWER    SYSTEM  IMPROVEMENTS  GENERAL
OBLIGATION BOND, SERIES 2010 FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF WATER
AND  SEWER  SYSTEM
IN  THE  TOWN  OF
IMPROVEMENTS
APPOMATTOX,  VIRGINIA  AND  PROVIDING  FOR  THE  FORM,  DETAILS
AND PAYMENT THEREOF

 WHEREAS,  the  Town  of  Appomattox,  Virginia  (the  “Town”),  is  a  public  body
politic and corporate of the Commonwealth of Virginia duly created under charter by  Order of the
Circuit Court of Appomattox County, Virginia, dated June 2, 1925; and

WHEREAS,  the  Town  has  determined  to  issue  its  $650,000.00  Water  and  Sewer
System  Improvements  General  Obligation  Bond,  Series  2010  ("the  Bond")  for  the  purpose  of
financing the  construction of water distribution system  improvements in the Town  of  Appomattox
("the Project"); and

WHEREAS,  SunTrust  Bank  (the  "Purchaser")  has  offered  to  purchase  the  Bond

upon the terms set forth herein;

NOW,  THEREFORE,  BE  IT  RESOLVED  BY  COUNCIL  OF  THE  TOWN  OF

APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA:

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

ARTICLE 1
AUTHORIZATION OF BOND

Section 1.1

Authorization  of  Bond.    There  is  hereby  authorized  to  be  issued  a
general obligation Bond of the Town in the principal amount of $650,000.00 to provide funds for
the  Project.    The  Bond  shall  be  designated  the  “Town  of  Appomattox  Water  and  Sewer  System
Improvements General Obligation Bond, Series 2010.”

Section 1.2

Bank Qualification.  The Bond is hereby designated  as a  "qualified
tax-exempt obligation" for purposes of Section 265(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended  (the  "Code").    Neither  the  Town  nor  any  "subordinate  entity"  within  the  meaning  of
Section  265(b)  of  the  Code  has  issued  any  tax-exempt  obligations  (not  including  private  activity
bonds  for  entities  other  than  organizations  described  in  Section  501(c)(3)  of  the  Code)  during
calendar  year  2010,  and  the  reasonably  anticipated  amount  of  tax-exempt  obligations  (not
including private activity bonds for entities other than organizations described in Section 501(c)(3)
of the Code) which will be issued by the Town and all "subordinate entities" thereof  or on its behalf
during calendar year 2010 will not exceed $30,000,000.00.  The Town will not designate more than
$30,000,000.00 of qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to Section 265(b) during the calendar
year 2010 on its behalf.

Section 1.3  Details of Bond.  The Bond shall be issued as a single fully registered
Bond  without  coupons,  shall  be  numbered  R-1,  shall  be  dated  the  date  on  which  the  Bond  is
delivered to the Purchaser against payment of the purchase price therefor (the "Closing Date"), and
shall  bear  interest  at  the  rate  of  Three  and  Eighty  Four  Hundredths  percent  (3.84%)  per  year
computed  on  a  30/360  day  basis.    Principal  and  interest  shall  be  due  and  payable  annually  in
arrears in 15 consecutive installments beginning on the first anniversary date of the Closing Date.

Payment shall be in lawful money of the United States of America.  Payment shall be

upon presentation and surrender of the Bond at the office of the Registrar.

Section 1.4

Execution  of  Bond.   The  Bond shall  be signed by the Mayor  of  the

Town and countersigned by its Clerk and its seal shall be affixed thereto.

Section 1.5  Delivery of Bond.  The Mayor and the Clerk are hereby authorized
and directed to take all proper steps to have the Bond prepared and executed in accordance with its
terms and to deliver the Bond to the Purchaser upon payment therefor.  The Mayor and the Clerk
are further authorized and directed to agree to and comply with, on behalf of the Town, any and all
further  conditions  and  requirements  of  the  Purchaser  not  inconsistent  with  this  resolution  in
connection with its purchase of the Bond.

Section 1.6

Prepayment of Bond.  The Bond may be prepaid in whole or in part
at  the  option  of  the  Town  at  any  time  upon  15  days  written  notice  to  the  holder  thereof,  without
penalty or premium.

3  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

Section 1.7

Form  of  the  Bond.    The  Bond  shall  be  substantially  in  the  form
attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A,  with  such  appropriate  variations,  omissions  and  insertions  as
permitted or required by this resolution.

ARTICLE 2
PARTICULAR COVENANTS

Section 2.1

Payment of Bond.  The Town shall pay promptly, as provided herein,

the principal of, prepayment charge, if any, and interest on the Bond.

Section 2.2

No Default under Obligations.  The Town is not in default under any
of  the  provisions  of  any  of  its  other  indebtedness,  and  the  Town  is  not  in  default  of  any
representation, warranty or  covenant  contained  in any  certificate, agreement or  other  instrument
executed and delivered by it in connection any of its other indebtedness.

Section 2.3

Tax  Covenant.    The  Town  shall  not  take  or  approve  any  action,
investment or use of the proceeds of the Bond which would cause loss of the exclusion of interest on
the Bond from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Sections 103, and 141 through
150 of the Code.

Section 2.4  Maintenance  and  Existence.   The Town shall maintain  its  existence
as  a  political  subdivision  of  the  Commonwealth  of  Virginia  and,  without  the  consent  of  the
Purchaser,  shall  not  dissolve  or  otherwise  dispose  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  its  assets  or
consolidate  or  merge  with  or  into  another  entity.    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Town  may
consolidate  or  merge  with  or  into,  or  sell  or  otherwise  transfer  to  a  political  subdivision  of  the
Commonwealth  of  Virginia,  all  or  substantially  all  of  its  assets,  and  the  Town  may  thereafter
dissolve,  if  the  surviving,  resulting  or  transferring  political  subdivision,  if  other  than  the  Town,
assumes, in written form acceptable to the Purchaser, all of the obligations of the Town contained
in  the  Bond  and  this  Resolution,  and  there  is  furnished  to  the  Purchaser,  an  opinion  of  counsel
acceptable to the Purchaser to the effect that such assumption constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the surviving, resulting or transferring political subdivision enforceable against it in
accordance with its terms.

Section 2.5

Financial Records and Statements.  The Town shall have an annual
audit  of  the  financial  condition  of  the  Town  made  by  an  independent  certified  public  accountant
and, within 120 days after the end of each of its fiscal years, shall furnish to the Purchaser copies of
the  report  of  such  accountant,  including  statements  in  reasonable  detail,  certified  by  such
accountant,  reflecting  the  financial  position  of  the  Town  at  the  end  of  such  fiscal  year  and  the
results  of  its  operations  and  change  in the  financial  position of  its  funds  for  the  fiscal  year.   The
Purchaser  shall  also  furnish  to  the  Purchaser  a  certificate  of  such  accountant,  to  the  effect  that
during the course of such accountant's regular examination of the financial condition of the Town,
nothing  has  come  to  the  accountant's  attention  which  would  constitute  a  default  under  the  Bond,
this resolution or any instrument delivered in connection herewith.

4  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

Section 2.6

Certificate  as  to  No  Default.    The  Town  shall  deliver  to  the
Purchaser, within 120 days after the close of each of the Town's fiscal years, a certificate signed by
an authorized official of the Town stating that, during the year and as of the date of such certificate,
no  event  or  condition  has  happened  or  existed,  or  is  happening  or  existing,  which  constitutes  a
default  under  the  Bond,  this  Resolution or any instrument delivered  in  connection  therewith,  or if
such event or condition has happened or existed, or is happening or existing, specifying the nature
and period of the event or condition and what action the Town has taken, is taking or proposes to
take with respect thereto.

Section 2.7  Disposition and Deposit of  Funds.   The Town shall  account  for  the
proceeds from the sale of the Bond through a fund kept separate and apart from all other funds of
the  Town.    All  monies  collected  for  the  payment  of  the  Bond  shall  be  deposited  or  invested  in
accordance with Section 15.2-2625 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended.

Section 2.8

Further Assurances.   The Town shall  to the  fullest  extent permitted
by law adopt, make and deliver such further resolutions, acts, instruments and assurances as may
be necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Resolution.

ARTICLE 3
DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

Section 3.1  Default and Remedies.  Upon default by the Town (a) in the payment
of  principal  of  or  interest  on  the  Bond,  (b)  in  the  performance  of  any  covenant  or  agreement
contained in the Bond or in this Resolution or (c) upon the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by the
Town, the holder of the Bond at its option may:

outstanding and accrued interest thereon to be immediately due and payable;

(a)

declare  the  entire  unpaid  principal  amount  of  the  Bond  then

as may be necessary to cure the cause of any default;

(b)

incur and pay such reasonable expenses for the account of the Town

(c)

proceed  to  protect  and  enforce  its  rights  under  the  Bond  and  this
Resolution  by  a  suit,  action  or  special  proceeding  at  law  or  in  equity,  either  for  the  specific
performance of any covenant or agreement or execution of any power or for the enforcement of any
proper  legal  or  equitable  remedy  as  may  be  deemed  most  effectual  to  protect  and  enforce  such
rights.

Section 3.2

Remedies Cumulative.  No remedy conferred hereby is intended to be
exclusive of any other remedy, and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other
remedy herein or now or hereafter existing in equity, at law or by statute.

5  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

ARTICLE 4
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 4.1

Contract  with  Bondholders.    The  provisions  of  this  resolution  shall
constitute  a  contract  between  the  Town  and  the  holder  of  the  Bond  for  so  long  as  the  Bond  and
interest thereon are outstanding.

Section 4.2

Town Officers and Agents.  The officers and agents of the Town shall
do all acts and things required of them by this Resolution, the Bond and the Virginia Public Finance
Act  for  the  complete  and  punctual  performance  of  all  the  terms,  covenants  and  agreements
contained therein, including the filing of a certified copy of this Resolution with the Circuit Court of
the County of Appomattox pursuant to Sections 15.2-2607 and 15.2-2627 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended.

Section 4.3

Limitation  of  Rights.    Nothing  expressed  or  mentioned  in  or  to  be
implied from this resolution or the Bond is intended or shall be construed to give to any person or
company  other  than  the  parties  hereto  and  the  holder  of  the  Bond  any  legal  or  equitable  right,
remedy or claim under or in respect to this resolution or any covenants, conditions and agreements
herein contained; this resolution and all of the covenants, conditions and agreements hereof being
intended to be and being for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and the holders of
the Bond as herein provided.

Section 4.4

Limitation of Liability of Officials of Town.  No covenant, condition
or  agreement  contained  herein  shall  be  deemed  to  be  a  covenant,  agreement  or  obligation  of  a
present or  future member, officer,  employee or  agent of  the Town  in his individual  capacity, and
neither the members of the Town Council nor any officer thereof executing the Bond shall be liable
personally  on  the  Bond  or  be  subject  to  any  personal  liability  or  accountability  by  reason  of  the
issuance  thereof.    No  member,  officer,  employee  or  agent  of  the  Town  shall  incur  any  personal
liability  with  respect  to  any  other  action  taken  by  him  pursuant  to  this  resolution  or  the  Act,
provided he acts in good faith.

Section 4.5

Conditions  Precedent.    Upon  the  issuance  of  the  Bond  all  acts,
conditions and things required by the Constitution and statutes of the Commonwealth of Virginia or
this resolution to have happened, exist and to have been performed precedent to or in the issuance
of such Bond shall have happened, exist and have been performed.

Section 4.7

Repeal  of  Resolutions  in  Conflict.    All  other  resolutions,  or  parts

thereof, in conflict with this Resolution are hereby repealed.

Section 4.8

Successors  and  Assigns.    All  the  covenants,  stipulations,  promises
and  agreements of the Town  contained  in  this resolution shall bind and  inure  to  the  benefit of  its
successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 4.9  Headings.  Any headings in this resolution are solely for convenience
of  reference  and  shall  not  constitute  a  part  of  the  resolution  nor  shall  they  affect  its  meaning,
construction or effect.

6  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

Section 4.10  Severability.    If  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  shall  hold  any
provision of this resolution to be invalid and unenforceable, such holding shall not invalidate any
other provision hereof.

Section 4.11  Effective  Date.    This  resolution  shall  take  effect  immediately.    The
Clerk of the Town is hereby authorized and directed to file a certified copy of this resolution in the
office of the Town.

This Resolution was passed by a vote of the Appomattox Town Council on the 23rd

day of November, 2010.

EXHIBIT A TO COUNCIL OF TOWN OF APPOMATTOX RESOLUTION
DATED NOVEMBER 23, 2010

No. R-1

$650,000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
WATER AND SEWER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENTS GENERAL OBLIGATION BOND, SERIES
2010

The  Town  of  Appomattox  (the  Town),  a  public  body  politic  and  corporate  of  the
Commonwealth  of  Virginia  duly  created  under  charter  by    Order  of  the  Circuit  Court  of
Appomattox  County,  Virginia,  dated  June  2,  1925  (the  "Charter"),  for  value  received,  hereby
promises  to  pay  to  SunTrust  Bank,  Richmond,  Virginia,  or  registered  assigns,  (the  "Holder")  the
principal sum of

SIX HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($650,000.00)

and to pay to the Holder interest until payment of the entire principal sum at the rate of three and
eighty  four  hundredths  percent  (3.84%)  per  year  (the  "Tax  Exempt  Rate").    Interest  shall  be
calculated  on  the  basis  of  a  360-day  year  assuming  twelve  30-day  months.    Installments  of
combined principal and interest of $_________ are payable beginning on ___________, 2011 and
continuing on the ____day of each _______ thereafter until the principal of this Bond is paid in full,
each installment to be applied first to interest accrued to such payment date and then to principal.
The  final  installment,  if  not  sooner  paid,  shall  be  due  and  payable  __________,  2025.    Such
installments  shall  be  payable  in  lawful  money  of  the  United  States  of  America  by  check  or  draft
mailed to such Holder at its address as it appears on the registration books kept for that purpose at
the  office  of  the  Treasurer  of  the  Town  who  has  been  appointed  Registrar,  except  that  the  final
installment shall be payable upon presentation and surrender hereof at the office of the Registrar.

The  Town  has  designated  the  Bond  as  a  "qualified  tax-exempt  obligation"  for  the

purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")

7  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

The  Tax-Exempt  Rate  shall  be  subject  to  adjustment  as  set  forth  in  the  following

paragraphs:

(1)

(a) In the event that at any time whether before or after payment of this Bond
all  or any part of  any  payment of  interest on  this  Bond  or any  interest  accrued by the Holder  by
reason  of  the  Holder’s  owning  this  Bond  or  receiving  interest  on  this  Bond  is  determined  by  the
Commissioner or any District Director of the Internal Revenue Service or any court of competent
jurisdiction not be excluded from gross income (other than pursuant to the alternative minimum tax
imposed on corporations under Section 56 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof) under Section
103  of the  Code,  then  the Town shall pay to  the Holder, as supplemental  interest,  in  immediately
available funds on the maturity date (or if such obligation arises after such date, on the date such
obligation  arises) an amount which, after giving  effect  to all  taxes attributable  to the  inclusion of
such  amount  in  the  gross  income  of  the  Holder  under  the  laws  of  any  Federal,  state  or  local
governmental or other taxing authority (such taxes to be calculated at the maximum statutory tax
rate applicable to the Holder, after taking into account deductions attributable to imposition of state
and local taxes), shall be equal to the amount of the tax preference or similar tax attributable to this
Bond multiplied by the rate of the preference or similar tax.

(b)

In the event that at any time whether before or after payment of this
Bond, all or part of any interest paid or accrued by the Holder by reason of the Holder’s owning
this Bond or receiving interest on this Bond (such as, for example, interest on indebtedness incurred
or continued to purchase or carry this Bond) or any other amount in respect of or related to owning
or receiving interest on this Bond, as a whole or in part, is determined by the Commissioner or any
District  Director  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  or  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  not
deductible by  the Holder  from  its  Federal gross income in  the year  paid  or accrued by reason  of
Section 265 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof, then the Town shall pay to the Holder, as
supplemental  interest,  in  immediately  available  funds  on  the  maturity  date  (or  if  such  obligation
arises after such date, on the date such obligation arises) an amount (together with interest on such
amount from the date payment is due until payment in full at the Holder’s prime rate) which, after
giving  effect  to  all  taxes  attributable  to  the  inclusion  of  such  amount  in  the  gross  income  of  the
Holder under the laws of any Federal, state or local governmental or other taxing authority (such
taxes to be calculated at the maximum statutory tax rate applicable to the Holder, after taking into
account deductions attributable to imposition of state and local taxes), shall be equal to the amount
of such nondeductible item multiplied by the maximum rate of Federal income tax applicable to the
Holder.

(2)  If  the  Town  becomes  obligated  to  make  payments  to  the  Holder  pursuant  to
paragraph (1), the amount of the income or similar item or the nondeductible item with respect to
any semiannual period ending within or after the first taxable year of the Holder during which such
payments first become payable shall be calculated on the basis of the date in the most recent semi-
annual  period  of  the  Holder  prepared  prior  to  the  date  interest  on  this  Bond  was  or  is  due  and
payable,  as  if  (i)  the  income  or  similar  tax  were  imposed,  or  the  semi-annual  amount  of  the
nondeductible item were computed, on a semi-annual basis, and (ii) the semi-annual period ended
on the date interest on this Bond was or is due and payable.

8  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

The amount of the income or similar item or of the nondeductible item in respect of
any other period shall be computed on the basis of the Federal income tax return of the Holder. The
computation of any amount payable under this paragraph  (2) shall be made in  good faith  by  the
Holder, but absent manifest error shall be conclusive as to the amount thereof. Every reference to
the  Holder  shall  include  the  entity  filing  tax  returns  in  which  the  Holder  as  holder  of  this  Bond
reports its income.

(3)

The intent of the foregoing provisions is to fix for the Holder a yield on this
Bond  equal  at  all  times  to  the  yield  receivable  under  tax  law,  regulations  and  interpretations
existing as of the date of original issue of this Bond, which yield has been used in determining the
interest rate on this Bond, and to impose on the Town the obligation to pay supplemental interest in
an  amount  necessary  to  compensate  the  Holder  if  the  interest  on  this  Bond  is  not  excluded  from
gross income or is not exempt from the alternative minimum tax or the 80% deduction for “cost of
carry”  is  not  available  under  Section  265  of  the  Code.  The  foregoing  provisions  should  be
construed accordingly.

This  Bond  has  been  authorized  by  a  resolution  adopted  by  the  Town  Council  on
November 23, 2010 (the Bond Resolution), and is issued pursuant to the Charter and the Virginia
Public Finance Act to provide funds, together with other available funds, to finance improvements
to the Town’s water and sewer system.  Copies of the Bond Resolution are on file at the Town Hall,
Appomattox,  Virginia.    Reference  is  hereby  made  to  the  Bond  Resolution  and  any  amendments
thereto for the provisions, among others, describing the pledge and covenants securing the Bond,
the nature and extent of the security, the terms and conditions upon which the Bond is issued, the
rights and obligations of the Town and the rights of the Bondholder.

Both  principal  of  and  interest  on  this  Bond  constitute  an  indebtedness  of  and  a

pledge of the full faith and credit of the Town of Appomattox, Virginia.

This Bond may be prepaid at the option of the Town as a whole or in part on any

installment payment date upon 15 days written notice to the Holder, without penalty or premium.

This Bond is fully registered as to both principal and interest.  Transfer of this Bond
may  be  registered  upon  books  maintained  for  that  purpose  by  the  Registrar.    Prior  to  due
presentment for registration of transfer the Registrar shall treat the registered owner as the person
exclusively  entitled  to  payment  of  principal  and  interest  and  the  exercise  of  all  other  rights  and
powers of the owner.

All  acts,  conditions  and  things  required  by  the  Constitution  and  statutes  of  the
Commonwealth of Virginia to happen, exist or be performed precedent to and in the issuance of this
Bond have happened, exist and have been performed.

9  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Town has caused this Bond to be signed by its Mayor,
to  be  countersigned  by  its  Clerk,  its  seal  to  be  affixed  hereto  and  this  Bond  to  be  dated
_______________, 2010.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Bennett –
aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to authorize Paul D. Harvey, Mayor to execute the necessary documents associated with the
financing and General Obligation Bond.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Gillespie met with Dominion Virginia Power to discuss their requested easement.  Mr.
Gillespie asked Dominion not to place the pole in the requested area.  Dominion will go back and
review replacing the existing pole.  Dominion also reviewed the poles in the right of way on
Church Street.  Mr. Gillespie asked Dominion to consider replacing all the poles at one time.

Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Gillespie for working with Dominion Virginia Power on those
projects.

Mr. Mayberry requested the Council discuss repealing Chapter 15 – Economic Development
Advisory Board since there is a working relationship between the Town and County.  Council
agreed to place the item on the December 13, 2010 Regular meeting agenda for consideration.

Mr. Mayberry suggested the Manager, Clerk of Council and Mayor review the Bylaws and Rules
of Procedure governing Town Council for any updates or revisions.  The Bylaws and Rules of
Procedure will be presented to the Town Council at the December 13, 2010 if possible.

Mayor Harvey asked for an additional discussion item.  It was in regards to the hiring of the
Economic Development Director position for Appomattox County.  Mayor Harvey and Mary
Lou Spiggle met with some of the Economic Development Authority board members after the
Economic Development Authority meeting.  In that meeting, the EDA is proposing a salary of
$60,000 plus benefits yearly.  The town was asked by the EDA to contribute $45,000 or 30% of
the entire department’s budget.  By providing the $45,000 making the department $150,000 a
year.  The Town needs to move forward and try to get this thing moving to get someone hired.
Mr. Conner stated that we need to get the infrastructure to market and is their any revenue
sharing in this process.  Mayor Harvey stated that revenue sharing has not been discussed.  Mr.
Conner wanted to know if this person is going to be an employee of the town or the county and
who is going to hire him/her?  Ms. Spiggle reported that this has been discussed before and that
the person who be an employee of the county.  Mr. Conner wanted to know if the person was
only going to market the Industrial Park.  Mayor Harvey said no, this person would market
everything.  Ms. Spiggle stated that we need to look forward.  The idea is to provide the money
we discussed.  The $105,000 according to Mr. Carter, will be the amount continually given to the
IDA in the coming years.  We need to have this person on board, hopefully by March 2011.  We
need to do this and stop talking about it.  Mr. Conner and Mr. McDearmon are meeting with the
Economic Development Committee (Town & County subcommittee) and hopefully this
information will provide a starting point.  Mayor Harvey asked that Council Members talk with

10  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

Mr. Conner and Mr. McDearmon before the meeting.  I agree we need to do something but we
are losing revenue with the closing of Thomasville and Wilbun’s.  We need to look at cutting
other areas of the budget instead of raising taxes.  The EDA board is asking the Town to consider
this.  Ms. Bennett said sometimes you need to step out and hopefully it will bring something to
the table.  Mr. Conner asked about hiring a contractor to perform these services and pay them a
percentage.  Mayor Harvey stated that he was bringing that to the table for consideration.  Mr.
Mayberry asked when a decision would need to be made regarding this request.  Mayor Harvey
said he would like to have something by the December 13, 2010 regular council meeting.  Mr.
Harvey suggested that the committee meet on December 1, 2010 and then bring something to
council on December 13, 2010.  Ms. Bennett asked if the Town would have any input in the
hiring process.  Mayor Harvey said yes and he would be willing to sit on the panel.  Mayor
Harvey reiterated that the County will hire the individual.

Committee reports:
Finance –  No report.
Fire & Safety – The committee met on November 23, 2010.  Mr. Gillespie will provide a report
in the Manager’s report.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported that there will be a Joint Public Hearing on December 6, 2010
for the revised Landscaping Ordinance.
Personnel – No report.
Street & Property –  Ms. Spiggle reported that the Town is waiting for prices for the handrails on
Church Street and the pavilion for Abbitt Park.  The Town is continuing to work towards
installation of the street lights on Ferguson Street.  The outside renovations at the Town Office
are also complete.  The blacktopping of the walking trailing at the Kiddie Park is complete.  The
sidewalks between Annie and Pine Street are also complete.
Utility – No report.

Staff Reports – None other than what was attached to the agenda.

Mr. Gillespie reported on the citizen complaints on Confederate Boulevard.  The Property
Maintenance Investigation Board will be reviewing the properties and reporting back to the
Town Manager.  The town will begin the process which is very specific in the ordinance.

Mr. Conner and Mr. Gillespie went to the Tobacco Commission meeting.  It was well worth the
time.  Mr. Conner spoke highly of Mr. Gillespie and his work at the meeting.  Mr. Conner stated
that the meeting was very productive.

Mr. Gillespie also presented Council with a presentation entitled Looking into the Future.  Mr.
Gillespie has been in local government for 41 years.  It is his hope that the Council will consider
looking into the next 5 years.  Mr. Gillespie provided Council with a power point presentation
outlining their course for the next 5 years.

What does it take to chart your future today?
1.  Vision Statement – What do you want Appomattox to look like in the future?
2.  Mission Statement – How will you insure that Appomattox will achieve this vision?

11  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

3.  Core Values – What are the things that we place high value on as a Council as we transact
business day to day.
4.  Operating Principles – How will we deal with our citizens, businesses, counties, communities,
employees, and the Commonwealth.
5.  Leadership Philosophy – We as (the Council) collective lead the Town of Appomattox into
the future what will be our collective expectation of each other as we move toward the future?

Breaking down all of the above, there are six areas that you could break the Town down into
things you would like to see:
Managed Growth – Zoning, Comprehensive Plan, Green Space, Balanced Growth
Relationships – County & Town, Neighboring jurisdictions, Council & Citizens, Council &
Staff, Members of Council, Communication, Customer Service (staff & citizens).
Economic Development – Quality jobs/wages, Infrastructure, incentives, Technology, Tourism
Financial Planning – Expenditures, Ability to Pay, External Opportunities, Maintaining Financial
Stability While Promoting Growth, Resource Allocation.
Quality of Life – Recreation, Senior Citizen Issues, Quality Wages, Road Structure, Parks,
Public Safety/Low Crime, Green Space, Broadband, Housing
Education – Job Skills, Workforce Education in Changing Economy, Quality Wages,
Opportunities to Enhance Education

Given this framework – What’s next?
Identify the issues and what success looks like when the issue has been identified.  Utilize the
vision themes to categorize all of the issues (Council Responsibility).  Develop a strategy with
specific objectives and resources needed for each issue (Council/Staff Responsibility).  Develop
attainable time lines that allow for success (Council & Staff).

Suggested timeline for strategic plan implementation:
Short Term – Next 12 months
Mid Term – Next 1 to 2 years
Long Term – Next 3 to 5 years

Potential Beginnings of a Strategic Plan:
Infrastructure (Maintenance/Expansion)
Staffing Structure
Providing Clear Direction/Expectations for Staff
Zoning Ordinance
Comprehensive Plan
Establishment of Financial Parameters for Resource Allocation
Plan and Direction for Economic Development
Establishment of Clear Communication Lines between Staff and Council
Establishment of an appropriate communication link between Council, Citizens, and Staff
Town Manager/Director of Public Works
Community Enhancements

12  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, November 23, 2010

Appomattox is fortunate to have you as a council at this particular point in its history to chart and
implement the destiny of this community.  Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of
choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved!! William Jennings Bryan

Council Concerns:

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:15 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

