1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, August 28, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, August 28, 2012
at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present: Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Barbara Shelton, Ms. Franklin, Carlton Duck and Alive TV Crew, Jeff
Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William Gillespie, Interim
Town Manager; Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Jeff Elder, Utility Director gave an update to Council regarding the inflow and infiltration
discovery process on the sewer system.  Public Works will continue to video the sewer
lines leading the trickling filter plant.  They will bring to council revised information for
the preliminary engineering report prepared by Reid Engineering. Once the preliminary
engineering report has been updated the Town can start the application process to secure
grants for the next phase of the project.

Jeff Elder, Utility Director gave an update on the construction progress at the public
works building complex.  Construction is expected to be complete by October 1st.  A
grand opening/ribbon cutting is scheduled for Tuesday, October 23, 2012 at 3:30 p.m.
(prior to the Physical Development Committee meeting) and then be open for business on
October 23, 2012.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon, Council
voted to amend the FY 2013 budget for costs associated with maintenance of the Appomattox
County waterline to be fully reimbursed by Appomattox County.

Be it resolved that the FY 2013 Water Fund budget is amended and $41,500 is appropriated,
with resources funded by additional County Waterline revenue.

Roll call vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner
– aye, Puckette – aye.  Motion carried.

Committee Updates
Finance & Planning – The committee met on August 13, 2012 and discussed the zoning
map and blighted properties ordinance.  They also heard a request from the Utility
Director for a utility trailer needed to transport the backhoe.  The Town Treasurer
discussed with the committee the request for possible payment arrangements for past due
taxes.

Physical Development – The Committee met the new Administrative Assistant for the
Public Works Department, Patricia Garrett at their meeting today.  They also received an

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, August 28, 2012

update from Bif Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt on the 460 Waterline.  The committee also
continued discussions of the zoning ordinance and map.

Staff Updates
Town Manager –
Mr. Gillespie reported that Council has been involved in with remapping the current
zoning map and discussing the blighted and nuisance property ordinance.  The entire
zoning ordinance is being revised.  A public hearing is possible for October but no later
than November 2012.

Mr. Gillespie also brought to Council for discussion a request from Parkway Grocery on
Route 24 to pay for a water and sewer connection over a 3 month period through
installments.  After much discussion Council denied the request through consensus.

Treasurer – Ms. Wilkes reported that she trying to close out June 2012.  The 2012 Real
Estate and Personal Property tax tickets will be mailed at the end of August 2012 with a
due date of October 1, 2012.

Clerk of Council – none

Council Concerns
Mayor Harvey asked Council to provide him with their objections to the Chamber of
Commerce’s request to place the ice skating rink on Main Street again this year for the
Community of Candles event.  Council presented no objections but requested the
$1,000,000 certificate of insurance and asked that the Town be listed as an additional
insured.

Mr. Conner would like to revisit the issue of Town rental property.

Mrs. Puckette thanked Mr. Gillespie for conducting the joint public hearing between the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and Town Council for the sewer expansion
project and proposed boundary line adjustment.  Mayor Harvey reemphasized her
comments.

Mr. Mayberry encouraged everyone to attend the Board of Supervisor’s meeting on
Tuesday, September 4, 2012.  Ms. Spiggle encouraged the public too.  Mr. Conner stated
that if the town is going to risk its money, they should get something out of it (boundary
line adjustment).

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

______________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk of Council

____________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

