1   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, August 13, 2012

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council Meeting on Monday, August 13,
2012 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia, with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou
Spiggle, N.H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others Present:  Gary Tanner, Jerry Small, Ronald Spiggle, Sam Carter, Willie Craft,
Nina Beasley, Joyce Bennett, Wayne Casto, James Falls, June Chenault, Carlton Duck
and Alive TV Crew, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C.
William Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed everyone.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck also led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Harvey called the public hearing to order and stated the purpose of the hearing:
To hear citizen comments regarding an ordinance to enact Chapter 145 – Town of
Appomattox Planning Commission.

There were no public comments.

The hearing was closed.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mr. James Falls – Appeared before Council asking if the Town was prepared for a
disaster?  Mr. Falls noted that 8-10 houses were without power after the wind storm in
late June 2012.  He lost everything in his freezer.  No information was available on a
cooling center or where to get ice.  He had no TV or radio.  He wanted to know why the
Town’s information sign couldn’t be used in Courtland Field letting people know where
to find this information.  He has serious problems with the lack of communication during
such events. We are within 30 miles of a nuclear facility and a pipeline.  We need an
information center when something happens.

Ms. June Chenault - The Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce is requesting
permission to place the ice skating rink in the parking lot between the depot and Country
Charm in conjunction with the Community of Candles event on Sunday only for 2012.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey thanked the Board of Supervisors for attending the meeting tonight.
Mayor Harvey also raised awareness to the “Good Neighbor” program.

2   Regular Council Meeting
     Monday, August 13, 2012

On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to adopt the Consent Agenda of August 13, 2012.  All member present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mr. Gillespie gave a power point presentation concerning the proposed sewer line
expansion project and requested boundary area adjustment.

On a recommendation of the Physical Development Committee, Council voted to enact
Chapter 145 – Appomattox Town Planning Commission.  All members present voting
aye.  Motion carried.

On a recommendation of the Physical Development Committee, Council voted to repeal
Chapter 5-73 Planning Commission – Designated of the Code of the Town of
Appomattox.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Spiggle, Council
voted to upgrade the telephone system for a cost not to exceed $17,000.00.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner noted he would like a few more items added for the power point presentation
before the joint public hearing on August 23, 2012.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett,
Council voted to adjourn the meeting at 8:08 p.m.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.

___________________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk of Council

______________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

