1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 8, 2018

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, January 8, 2018 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Carlton Duck and Derek Norfield, Alive Media TV; Carrie Dungan, News and
Advance; Rev. Russell Cheatham, Memorial United Methodist Church; Nathan Simpson, Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Rev. Russell Cheatham, Memorial United Methodist Church led the prayer and Pledge of
Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Mr. Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council gave an brief
overview of services they provide and the projects they are working on for the Town of
Appomattox.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey – hopes everyone had a good holiday season.

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for January 8, 2018 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
On a motion by Mrs. Puckette, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the 2018
meeting schedule of the Appomattox Town Council.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to write off uncollected
debts that have exceeded the statue of limitations.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to authorize payment of
$150,000 to the Courtland Field Park project.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried.6 -0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 8, 2018

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the Code of the
Town of Appomattox by deleting and repealing Chapter 190, Article IV Sewage Disposal,
Section 70 thereof, Grease, oil and sand interceptors, when required; standards, and replacing it
with a new section 70, to be entitled, Grease, oil and sand interceptors, when required; standards.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE Code of the Town of Appomattox by deleting and
repealing Chapter 190, Article IV Sewage Disposal, Section 70 thereof, Grease, oil and sand
interceptors, when required; standards, and replacing it with a new section 70, to be entitled,
Grease, oil and sand interceptors, when required; standards.

Be it ordained by the Council of the Town of Appomattox, as follows:

§ 190-70 Grease, oil and sand interceptors, when required; standards.
[Amended 6-14-1999]; Amended 1-9-2018

Grease, oil and sand/grit interceptors shall be provided by the owner at his expense, when, in the
opinion of the superintendent plant manager and the utility manager, they are necessary for the
proper handling of liquid wastes containing grease in excessive amounts or any flammable
wastes, sand or other harmful ingredients; except that such facilities interceptors shall not be
required for private living quarters of dwelling units. All grease, oil and grit chambers
interceptors shall be of a type of capacity approved by the Town utility manager; as identified in
the Fats, Oil and Grease Program adopted by the Appomattox Town Council; and the State
Health Department and shall be located as to be readily and easily accessible for cleaning and
inspection.  Grease and oil interceptors shall be constructed of impervious materials capable of
withstanding abrupt and extreme changes in temperature. Chambers They shall be of substantial
construction, watertight, and equipped with easily removable covers which when bolted in place
shall be gastight and watertight. All chambers for this purpose shall be maintained by the
property owner, at his expense, in continuously efficient operation at all times.

Section 2.  Effective Date.

This ordinance shall become effective on January 9, 2018.

All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. Shanaberger’s report include an update on the following:

-  The construction bids for the Appomattox Children’s Park (Kiddie Park) were

extended from January 11, 2018 to January 30, 2018.

-  The Water and Sewer Rate Study – anticipates a scope of work ready by

February/March 2018.  Council gave consensus to have the rate study conducted by
May/June 2018, if possible.

-  Train Depot – Mr. Tom Frisbee-Fulton, Architect is willing to assist the Town in
selecting an architectural/engineering firm for a nominal fee.  The selection will

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
January 8, 2018

consist of 4-5 people including the Council’s Physical Development Committee and 2
additional people.  He advised that the report sought by Council could cost $30,000-
50,000.  He will share a timeline at the Council Workshop meeting on Tuesday,
January 23, 2018.

-  The new and updated Town and Tourism websites were launched on January 3, 2018.

Council thanked Nathan Simpson for his hard work on the projects.

Council Concerns:
Mr. Conner asked Mr. Shanaberger to investigate a business owner’s request for a cardboard
recycling container.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Finch, Council adjourned at 8:15 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

