ref: reel_02_0298
date: 1954-10-18
content: OCTOBER 1954
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on October 18, 1954, with the President, Chas. T. Moses, Jr., presiding.
The following members were present: G. E. Smith, J. T. Almond, C. C. Poe, and Mrs. C. H. Robinson.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.
A motion was made by G. E. Smith and seconded by J. T. Almond that the south end of Martha Street be graded and graveled as soon as possible. Motion carried.
A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town Manager start the sidewalk on Highland Street and if necessary hire enough men to build the sidewalk. Motion carried.
A motion was made by J. T. Almond, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town hire Robert Doss to work as policeman from 12:00 o'clock at night to 6:00 A.M., at a salary of $60.00 per month, seven days per week effective September 27. Motion carried.
A motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by J. T. Almond that the Town get J. H. Lucado to make up a complete voting list for the Town of Appomattox, the cost not to exceed $25.00, the Town to furnish a book. Motion carried.
Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by J. T. Almond that the Town give three parking spaces on Church Street, next to the Town Alley for Taxi Cabs. Motion carried.
Motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town pay Barbara C. Almond the difference between the salary paid of $25.00 per week and $35.00, which is $10.00 per week for 9 weeks. Motion carried.
A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by C. C. Poe that a permit be granted Newton Jennings to build 2 rooms addition to his home at an approximately cost of $2150.00. Motion carried.
A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Council go on record in favor of endorsing a resolution upholding segregation of the schools. Resolution mailed to John Boatwright, Jr. Motion carried.
There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of November 15, 1954.
chunk_id: 19782
record_id: 802
page_number: 1

