290

Page 3 of 3

On a motion by Mr. Pack, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to adopt the
Section 504 Grievance Procedure, copy attached.

Bass-aye Lawson-aye Bennett-aye Pack-aye Mayberry-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Pack, Council voted to amend and
re-enact Section 74-111 of the Code of the Town of Appomattox, as presented.

(See attached copy)

Bass-aye Pack-aye Bennett-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye Mayberry-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council voted in accordance
with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, Subsection 3, Acquisition or use of real
property for public purpose to convene into Executive Session.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, Council voted to reconvene
into regular session in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, requires certification by
Council that the Executive Session conformed with Virginia-Law, and that only such
business matters as identified in the preceding motion to to into Executive Session:

Bass-yes Mitchell-yes
Lawson-yes Bennett-yes
Mayberry-yes Pack-yes

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to offer Mr. Walker
$5000.00 for his property on South Church Street and ali those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned at 9:10 PM.

— fyanatd ygqlt__Maxor

( Dobbin Mu bbunt CLERK

