244

Regular meeting =< August 10, 1987

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was heid on
Monday, August 10, 1987, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, Martin L. Webb, R. L. Bass, 1 |
Marvin Mitchell, S. E. Carter, and H. W. Conner.

Others present: Fred Russell, McDonald', Dot Davidson, Mrs. Daphne Seay,
Mrs. H. E. Ferguson, and John Peters, Times-Virginian.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to
adopt. the Agenda with the addition of Item 3, New Business -
Resolution, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council approved
the Council minutes of the July 13th regular meeting and the
recessed and reconvened meeting of July 15th, with one correction
of a "typo" on Page One in Item 6, of paragraph 7, and ali those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Dot Davidson appeared before Council to ask that the Town
Ball Park be named after John Curtis Caldwell. Council took
no action at this time.

Mrs. Seay and Mrs. Ferguson appeared before Council to discuss
a proposed "Mobile Home Park”. on North Avenue. Council discussed
the deed restrictions against this type of dwelling. |

Mrs. Babcock's request for the Town to participate in her drainage
project was brought up again by Mayor Spiggle. ‘The Highway

Department. has come up with a proposal of approximately $9,000.00 to be
on a 50-25-25 percentage.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted
to not participate in the drainage project for Mrs. Babcock's
property, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to request the Highway Department to meet with Council to look at
the Project for Storm Water on South Church Street, and if everyone
is in agreement the resolution will then be enacted at that time
and attached to these minutes.

Bass-aye Carter-aye ‘Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle presented the new figures on availability fee for
McDonald's. Council felt that the proposed business is under the
allowed 5000 gallons so, therefore, the availability fee does not

apply.
