ref: reel_03_0886
date: 1985-03-11
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, March 11, 1985, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, R. L. Bass, Martin Webb, Ray Noble, H. W. Conner, and S. E. Carter.

Others present were: Bill Burke, Earl Hall, George Cheatham, Paul Passink, Dr. Daniel Scott, Mrs. Paul Passink, Stephen Wiley, J. Robert Jamerson, Steve Marshall, Frances Abbitt, W. R. Britton, Jr., and B. H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the Agenda and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council approved the minutes of the February 11th meeting with one correction on Page 2, paragraph 5, it should say Appomattox County Planning Commission instead of Central Virginia Planning District Commission, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Bill Burke, Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce requested Town Council to close Main Street on April 20th from 10:00 to 6:00 P.M. and also for the Town to donate two Portajohns for the Trade-Show.

Mr. Paul Passink, appeared before Council to request permission for 24 hour coverage for the religious network, sponsored by Southern Baptist Convention known as Acts.

Dr. Daniel Scott, Liberty Baptist Church, spoke to Council on this proposal and stated that he was in favor of this proposal.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the Financial Statement for January 1985, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported that Farmers Home Administration wants to know whether the decision still stands regarding Farmers Home Monies. Bernie Proctor has informed him that the project is going to run approximately $60,000.00 to $150,000.00 more than he had originally reported. Council felt the decision still stands on the Farmers Home monies.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to not approve the proposed change to the Appomattox Zoning Ordinance as advertized.

Hubbard-aye Webb-nay Bass-aye Noble-aye Conner-nay Carter-aye Motion carried on a 4 to 2 vote.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to request the Virginia Department of Highways to close Main Street from Lee Street to Church Street on April 20th from 10:00 to 6:00, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried unanimously.
chunk_id: 20902
record_id: 1922
page_number: 1

