160 -Regular Meeting - May 10, 1993

The reguiar meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, May 10, 1993 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle r
presiding. / |

Those members present: R. W. Mitchell, H. W. Conner, R. L. Bass,
S. E. Lawson, S. EH. Carter, and W. H. Carson.

Others present: Joe & Margaret Norwood, Debra Chenault,

Karen & Mitchell Johnson, Gay & Johnny Cole, Sue Lawson,
George Landem, William Quick, Joyce Bennett, Herbert Abbitt,
John Cole, Richard Bartelt, Roxanne Williams, Frances Abbitt,
Gary Goodman, Kim Bell, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council i
approved the Consent Agenda with one correction to the minutes
on Page 2 paragraph one, the intent of the motion was that the
Festival Committee make the decision regarding horses in the [
parade and all those present voting. aye. Motion carried.

Citizen Participation:

Debra Chernault spoke to Council regarding the opposition of
herself and the other Citizens present to the proposed
construction of the 21 Apartments by J. E. Jamerson & Sons.

They also have certain questions regarding the proposal.

One ~ They understand there is a problem at the Sewer |
Plant with Inflow & Infiltration

Mr. Proctor, the Town's Engineer spoke regarding the citizens 7
concerns. The Sewer Plant has the capacity to handle these |
apartments, and the I &@ I problem is being worked on by the

town. -

Two - Water pressure at the High School is a problem.

The Town doesn't have a pressure problem, it has two presssure
zones. The 30,000 galion tank elevation controls the pressure
south of the Railroad.

Third - Will the conditions set on the Conditional Use/~
Permit still be there ten years from now.

Mr. Spiggle stated that in his opinion the conditions
would go with the property.

Johnny Cole spoke regarding the Traffic and Noise Problem |
