ref: reel_02_0236
date: 1949-11-21
content: Regular meeting of the Town Council was held on November 21, 1949. Mayor G. B. Buchanan presiding and the following members present, C. F. James, J. E. Jamerson, G. S. Jenkins, J. C. Caldwell, F. L. Murphy and C. T. Moses, Jr.

A delegation composed of S. J. Evans, Mrs. Don Moses, Mr. Joe LeGrand, Mrs. Norman Dawson and Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Seigmon appeared seeking the Town's participation in opening a new street in the Southwest section of the Town through their respective properties. They agreed to donate the necessary right of ways through their properties. On motion by C. F. James and seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. the matter was referred to the street committee and the delegation to see Mr. J. A. Burke to get prices and availability of a right-of-way through his property to enter Lee Grant Avenue. Carried.

Minutes of last meeting read and approved as read. On motion by J. E. Jamerson and seconded by G. S. Jenkins The Manager was authorized to pay ex-employee Robert Wooten $30.00 covering the week he was sick preceding his termination of employment by the Town. Carried.

On motion by C. F. James, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr. and carried the monthly salary of David Franklin was increased from $130.00 to $140.00 per month.

On motion duly carried the Manager was authorized to secure steel posts to erect the new speed limit signs on.

The matter of Parallel parking and marking of Main Street was brought up and on motion by G. S. Jenkins and seconded by C. F. James and carried, the Ordinance covering same passed at the regular November 1948 meeting was ordered rescinded and that the Manager designate with paint on the sidewalk of Main Street spaces for perpendicular parking of motor vehicles, west from a point 15 feet from the fire plug at the Drug Store. Also to designate No. Parking in front of the Lee Theater.

A building permit by J. E. Jamerson and Sons was approved. A motion duly carried authorized the construction of a 10'11" by 10'11" Booster Pump House on Alice Harwood's deeded lot and a 8'1" by 8'1" Pump house on the New Tank site and well by H. C. Blackwell according to plans and specifications for same for the sum of $900.00 according to his proposal.

On motion adjourned.

E. Carroll Smith, Clerk
G. B. Buchanan, Mayor.
chunk_id: 19720
record_id: 740
page_number: 1

