ref: reel_02_0355
date: 1959-09-09
content: SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor’s Office on September 9, 1959 at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. presiding.
The following members were present: Mrs. G.H. Robinson, J.T. Almond, Ivey Holland, Dr. S.R. Lawson and Randolph Gilbert.
The purpose of the meeting was to hear from Mr. & Mrs. William W. Burke on the connection of Wemly Lane and Sunnydale Avenue.
A motion was made by Mrs. G.H. Robinson, seconded by Ivey Holland that the following Ordinance be passed:
Be it ordained by the Appomattox Town Council that that part and the portion of ordinance passed and enacted by the Council on the 3rd day of March, 1958, which reads as follows:
No person, firm or corporation shall park or leave standing a motor vehicle, trailer or semi-trailer or other objects on the streets of the Town of Appomattox within the corporate limits where parking meters are installed except in spaces marked for meter parking, and then only when the proper meter charge has been paid.
Be and the same hereby is suspended and rescinded for a period of 60 days beginning October 1, 1959 through the 30th day of November, 1959.
It is further ordained that from the first day of October, 1959, to the last day of November, 1959, it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to park or leave standing any motor vehicle, trailer, semi trailer or other object on the streets of the Town of Appomattox within the areas on the streets of the said town where parking meters are now installed, for a period longer than one hour.
Any person violating the provisions of the above Ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished by a fine of not less than $1.00 nor more than $5.00 for each violation.
The Town Clerk is directed to immediately publish this Ordinance in The Times-Virginian for two succeeding weeks, September 10 and 17th, 1959. Motion carried.
The meeting adjourned.
Signed Chas. T. Moses Mayor
Signed C.F. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19839
record_id: 859
page_number: 1

