Regular Meeting - January 10, 1994

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, January 10, 1994 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: R. L. Bass, S. E. Carter,

W. H. Carson, S. E. Lawson, and R. W. Mitchell. Absent<-Conner.

Also present: Cindy Smith, Times-Virginian and Bobbie Mullins,
Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
approved the Agenda as presented and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported Mr. Moses heard his offer of $1000.00
for the lot next to the Town Shop and has countered with
dropping his price to $2500.00.

Mr. Carson, Chairman of the Water Committee, reported on his
meeting. His Committee recommends that the minimum charge
for water be raised to $3.75 and all over the 2000 gallons
be changed to $1.80 per thousand.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to accept the recommendations of the Water Committee
to raise the Minimum Charge to $3.75 and all over 2000
gallons be raised to $1.80 and hold a Public Hearing at
7:00 PM at the February 14, 1994 meeting.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Mitchell-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle briefed Council on the GTE base rate plan
for telephone service.

Mayor Spiggle also informed Council that Mr. Collins is
probably going to Subdivide the L. E. Smith Estate.

A letter from the Crisis Line was read requesting funds.
ronnie will get more information on this request, anda
letter from Laura McClenny, Extension Service concerning

a meeting on January 21, to gain information on United Way.

There being no further business, the meeting was adjourned.

Lon nsd es ou ( ,_ MAYOR
Ronald C. Spiggliet

JD eee CLERK

Bobbie H. Mullins

