300

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, April 10, 2000, at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett,
C. Lewis McDearmon, and Marvin Mitchell. Absent Bass and
Mayberry.

Others present: Roger Carson, William Phillips, Town
Attorney, Cheryl Rychkova, Times-Virginian, Ken Milton,
Bass and Milton, David T. Garrett, Jr., and Bobbie Mullins,
Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to approve the Consent Agenda as presented
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mitchell,
Council voted to deny the request from Carolyn Mozee for a
street light on Dogwood Street and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the Conditional Use Permit for

H & W Motor Sales for a used Car Lot with the hours to be
9-5 during the week, 9-2 on Saturday, closed on Sunday, and
cars on the lot not to exceed 20 at any one time.

Lawson-aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the Conditional Use Permit
required for a Storage Building for Bass and Milton
Construction Company on his lot on Business Route 460 as
shown.

Lawson~aye Bennett-aye McDearmon-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

David Garrett gave a report on the Main Street ISTEA
Project, and the water connection for T. E. O’Brien.
Mr. O’Brien had decided to drill wells for his development.

