ref: reel_03_0044
date: 1975-06-09
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, June 9, 1975 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

Those members present were Burke Guill, R.C. Spiggle, Mrs. Earle Robinson, M.J. House, Jr., and T.E. Conner.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as corrected.

Mrs. Frances Guill of the Appomattox Junior Woman's Club, appeared before Council and presented a report and explanation of the planned activities for "1975 Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival."

Mr. Spiggle and Mr. Slagle reported that Step I of the sewerage program will be eligible for a 75% E.P.A. grant according to information received from Mr. E.R. Simmons of the grant section of the State Water Control Board.

Mr. Guill reported the Street Committee had met after the last Council meeting. The minutes of the meeting were read and their recommendation was accepted by Council. Mr. Conner voiced his opposition to the Committee's recommendation.

Mrs. Robinson reported that the Water Committee had met on two occasions but at this time final recommendations on the water rate will be made at a later date.

Mr. Slagle reported he had previously reported that localities may have additional time after July 1, 1975 to adopt an Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance, however, he had since learned that such ordinance must be adopted by July 1, 1975. He also advised that copies of the proposed ordinance can be obtained from the Town Office.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion to support the Appomattox Woman's Club and the Appomattox Garden Club in their joint bicentennial project of community improvement and beautification of the approaches to the Town of Appomattox, seconded by Mr. House. Motion carried. Mr. Spiggle asked that the Club's be notified of the Town's support.

Mr. Spiggle made the motion, seconded by Mr. Guill to write letters to the appropriate parties stating the Town's opposition to the regulations proposed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to extend its authority by attempting to define the phrase "Waters of U.S." Motion carried.

Mr. Conner requested clarification of the trouble between the Central Virginia Planning District Commission and the counties.
chunk_id: 20255
record_id: 1275
page_number: 1

