ref: reel_03_0052
date: 1975-06-18
content: Sewer Committee

A meeting of the Sewer Committee was held on Wednesday, June 18, 1975 at 7:30 P.M.

Those present were Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Mr. R. C. Spiggle, Mr. R. C. Hubbard, and W. S. Slagle.

Mr. Slagle and Mr. Spiggle brought the committee up-to-date on Step I of our regional sewerage system.

A discussion followed on the lagoon problems. It was the consensus of the committee that a larger boat and motor is needed in order more effectively deal with the lagoon problems and that a recommendation to this effect would be made to Council.

Signed [signature] Chairman
R. C. Spiggle

Water Committee

A meeting of the Water Committee was held on Wednesday, June 18, 1975 at 8:00 P.M.

Those present were Mr. R. C. Spiggle, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Mr. R. C. Hubbard and W. S. Slagle.

The purpose of the meeting was to continue the study of water service charges and tapping fees and to recommend the necessary adjustments to same.

It was the consensus of the committee that the following would be offered as recommendations to the Appomattox Town Council to become effective October 1, 1975:

Sec. 16-30. Payment of Water Connection Charges

All charges for water taps or connections shall be payable in advance at the time of making application therefore at the rates as listed below:

Connection Fees  In Town  Out Town
1. Residential (0.75 inch meter) and includes mobile homes.  200.00  400.00
*2. Apartments, Duplexes, Mobile Home Parks, Shopping centers, and other like installations in which more than one customer is serviced through one meter  200.00 (1st unit) 400.00 (1st unit)
for each additional unit $100.00 per unit
chunk_id: 20263
record_id: 1283
page_number: 1

