# WORKSHOP MEETING – March 25, 2003

Page 2 of 4

March 25, 2003

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council.approved
the Annual Spring Clean Up weeks of March 31® through April 4", and April 7"
through April 11", and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, Chairman of the Utility Committee,
recommends the amending and reenacting of section 70-198, Wastewater Truck
Haulers Policy by removing number (3) and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to adopt
the Joint Resolution of Support for Community Tourism Enhancement Efforts:

WHEREAS, Appomattox County and the Towns of Appomattox and Pamplin
enjoy a rich history and heritage; and

WHEREAS, Appomattox is internationally known as the site of the final chapter
of the Civil War in Virginia; and

WHEREAS, Appomattox is fortunate to be home to both a Federal park,
Appomattox Court House National Park, and a Commonwealth of Virginia park,
Holiday Lake State Park; and

WHEREAS, Appomattox offers visitors a variety of experiences including, but not
limited to shopping, bird watching, canoeing, hiking, biking, swimming, horseback
riding, battle reenactments, and festivals; and

WHEREAS, many Appomattox businesses offer tourist related services including ;

bed and breakfasts, restaurants, motels, antique and specialty shops,
convenience stores and travel agencies;-and

WHEREAS, the success of tourist related businesses is vital to a well balanced
local economy along with industrial recruitment and the retention of existing
businesses; and

WHEREAS, local government resources have long been contributed to the
tourism efforts of the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce, Virginia’s
Retreat Tourism Consortium, the Lynchburg Regional! Chamber of Commerce,
and other local and regional tourism initiatives.

AQ3