# WORKSHOP MEETING – March 25, 2003

Page 3

HOH

-.-Page 3.0f 4 2. ee oe

Workshop Meeting

March 25, 2003

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council, and the Pamplin Town Council, in
recognition of the importance of tourism to the Appomattox economy, does
hereby support the efforts of the community to enhance Appomattox as a
featured tourist destination; and

LET IT BE FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council, and the Pamplin Town Council do
hereby endorse the creation of an independent non-profit foundation, with
membership from local, national, and international community's tourism
objectives. - :
Mayberry — aye Mitchell-aye Lawson-aye
Bennett —aye McDearmon-aye Carson-aye

Motion carried.

It was the general consensus of the Town Council that we leave the Park closed
after 2:00 PM during the week. The problem will be continually monitored.

The sale of the timber on the property owned by the Town, on Route 604, will be
pursued and brought back to Council for their consideration.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to table
the Temporary Sign Ordinance until the April 14" meeting and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to
reschedule the Workshop in April from the 22" until the 29" and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, Chairman of the Property and Street Committee,
recommends that the Town expend the additional $2600.00 to obtain the original
blue color for the signs, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted to
convene in Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711, Subsection A,
item 3 of the State Code for the purpose of discussing real estate for sale that
adjoins property owned by the Town of Appomattox.