168

Regular Meeting - August 9, 1993

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, August 9, 1993 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: S. E. Carter, R. L. Bass, H. W. Conner,
R. W. Mitchell, W. H. Carson, and S. E. Lawson.

Others present: Bill Slagle, Amy Barr, Bill Sherrod, Lisa
Pitcher, Rod Bono, Cable TV, Bernard Proctor, And Bobbie
Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Rod Bono, Appomattox Cable TV, appeared before Council to
discuss Cable TV. Problems and concerns of Council members
where discussed.

Bill Slagle appeared before Town Council to request that
Council waive the availability fee to his property on
Harrell Street. He feels that he does not qualify as a new
connection as his building was already in existence for
twenty years or more.

Also, Mr. Slagle, spoke regarding the parking problem on
Church Street and Atwood in the vicinity of his property.
He suggested that a Public Parking Lot be considered.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mitchell, Council
voted to refer the request of Mr. Slagle to the Property
Committee for their study and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Bernard Proctor, Engineer, appeared before Council bringing
them up to date on several projects. Council requested

Mr. Proctor proceed with the project that included McFadden
and Moore property on Ethel Street.

Mr. Carson reported on the meeting of the Special Committee
appointed by the Mayor to study Compensation of Council.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to adopt a resolution on Compensation of a Councilman
which is as follows:

