ref: reel_02_0745
date: 1974-03-18
content: 5. Stanley property and new High School property - R-2 Residential

Mr. Conner made the motion to accept the recommendation of the Appomattox County Planning Commission which was "to deny Mr. David Nash's request to station a trailer on his construction lot," seconded by Mr. Hubbard. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle reported he has received a request to operate a circus on April 22, 1974. He asked whether the Council would like to sponsor it. The matter was turned over to Mr. Conner to locate a suitable sponsor if possible.

Mr. Slagle reported that in his opinion that it was time to consider hiring part-time summer help. He requested that two boys be employed to help after school. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to hire the boys, seconded by Mrs. Robinson. Motion carried.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed H. B. Pack Mayor
Signed B. H. Mullins Clerk

Committee Meeting

On March 18, 1974 a meeting of the Police and Health Committee was held in the Appomattox Town Hall to consider bids on certain radio equipment for the Town Police Department.

Members present were Mr. Martin Webb, Mr. T. E. Conner, and Mr. R. C. Hubbard. Mr. Terrell Griffin of the C.V.P.D.C. was also present.

After much discussion it was decided to recommend to the Appomattox Town Council that they accept General Electric's bid of $2479.60 which included one remote base station, one mobile unit (39.50 & 39.56) and one portable radio as specified in the bid sheet.

T. E. Conner, Chairman
chunk_id: 20196
record_id: 1216
page_number: 1

