ref: reel_02_0743
date: 1974-03-18
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, March 18, 1974 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor H.B. Pack presiding.

Members present: R.C. Hubbard, Ivey Holland, Martin Webb, T.E. Conner, and Mrs. Galvin Robinson.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Council discussed the possibility of a new location for the fire siren but no action was taken.

Mr. Conner reported the Police Committee had met prior to the Council meeting and opened the two bids for the police radio equipment. After consideration of both bids, the Committee voted to recommend to the Council that they accept the bid from General Electric. Mr. Hubbard made a motion to accept General Electric's bid, seconded by Mr. Conner. Motion carried.

Mrs. Robinson reported the new pump at the booster pump station has been installed.

Council discussed the possibility of raising the cost of the lots in Promiseland Subdivision but no action was taken.

Mr. Conner reported he had gone before the Board of Supervisors to ask for some financial help with the Ball Park. The Board agreed to pay one half the operational cost not to exceed $500. This will be billed annually. Mr. Hubbard made the motion to designate the 'Police and Health Committee' as 'Police, Health & Recreation Committee' and place the Ball Park under their supervision, seconded by Martin Webb. Motion carried.

Mr. Pack reported that the mileage for Mr. Knight is now .10 a mile. With the increase in the cost of gas, he suggested that Council consider raising the rate. Mr. Holland made the motion to increase his mileage to .13 a mile, seconded by Martin Webb. Motion carried.

Council discussed the request by Rev. Maury Peoples to use the Fireman's Room as an 'information and referral center.' Council decided to make the 'Old Town Office' or the 'Depot' available for this use.

Mrs. Robinson requested that Council designate the Annual Clean-Up for the Town as the first two weeks of April. Mr. Conner seconded. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20194
record_id: 1214
page_number: 1

