ref: reel_02_0748
date: 1974-01-01
content: On a motion by Holland seconded by Burke Guill the Council voted to readopt the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Town Council of Appomattox, Virginia, that the Virginia Department of Highways is hereby requested to take over the following streets for construction and/or maintenance:
This requested addition represents 440 feet of the total mileage due the Town of Appomattox for fiscal year 1973-1974.

1. Lee-Grant Avenue at its intersection with Church Street for a total distance of 165 feet. Right of way 50 feet. Recorded in Deed Book 114, page 576.

2. Pla Street from the end of existing State maintenance to U.S. Route 460 for a total distance of 275 feet. Right of way 50 feet. Recorded in Deed Book 113, page 541.

Mr. Slagle asked the Council's permission to move the Town equipment which includes the telephone, base station, the encoder for the Firemen Alert System to the office at the jail. He explained that due to state requirements the County would have to employ two additional "correctional officers" to maintain a 24 hour "shift" at the jail. The new officers would be able to maintain the Town radio communications and the Fire Department functions on a 24 hour basis and would relieve the Barber Shop of answering the Fire Telephone. The only cost to the Town would be the installation charges.

Mr. Webb made a motion to relocate the equipment at the Jail Office, seconded by R. C. Hubbard. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle explained that we will be required to have a frequency check on each of the radios at a price of $14.50 each annually.

We have received a request from the Fire Department to issue two in-active Fire Department members two tags the same as we issue active Firemen. Mr. Holland made the motion to issue Herman Carter and Russell Mann firemen's tags, seconded by Mr. Conner. Motion carried.

Mr. Slagle asked the Council's opinion on placing benches somewhere in the vicinity of Main Street for the convenience of shoppers. Council felt it would be a worthwhile project. Slagle also explained that in all probability the local civic groups or businesses would donate the benches.

The meeting adjourned.

Signed: [Mayor's Signature]
Signed: E. H. Mullins, Clerk
chunk_id: 20199
record_id: 1219
page_number: 1

