Regular Meeting - August 10, 1992

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, August 10, 1992 at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle

_presiding.

Those present: R, Ww. Mitchell, H. W. Conner, S. E. Lawson,
R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson, and S. EB. Carter.

Others present were: Cheryl Freeman, Julie Williams, Bill
Sherrod, David Garrett, Jr., Bernard C. Proctor, and
Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the Agenda with the following additions to
New Business, of Item 8. Parking - Handicapped, 9. Sheep
and/or Farm Animals, 10. Seating Renovations in Council
Chambers, and all thosé present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to refer to the request on Recycling Site Selection Program
to the Property & Recreation Committee for their study and
recommendations and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted to pay the total costs of the uniforms for each employee
at approximately $2600.00 per year and all those present
voting aye. Motion. carried.

Mr. Bernard Proctor appeared before Council to discuss the
bids for the Depot Renovations.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to designate the apparent low bidder as J. E. Jamerson
and Sons, Inc. on the Depot Renovations and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to accept the recommendations of the Street Committee and -

~install two street lights one on Sunnydale Avenue and one

on Morris Avenue at Evergreen and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to amend and re-enact Chapter 7, of the Town Code Garbage and

Refuse Disposal, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council
voted to designate Council Chambers and downstairs in the last
bay as smoking area and the rest of the building as smoke-free
areas, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

135

