# REGULAR MEETING – April 14, 2003

Page 1 of 4

HO.”

» = =.-Regular-Meeting-—April-14,.2003. = 2.2. ge

; The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, April

14, 2003 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: W. H. Carson, Norman Mayberry, Marvin Mitchell,
C. Lewis McDearmon, and Joyce Bennett. Absent — Steve Lawson.

Others present: Curtis Pearson, Clayton Tinnell, Kevin & Myra Trent, Tim
Garrett, Benny Harvey, Pat Wood, Times-Virginian, William M. Phillips, Town
Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager, Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk,
and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk. - :

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to
approve the Consent Agenda as presented and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried. .

No Standing Committee Reports were given.

On a motion by Mr. Lewis McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council voted
to approve the application by Clayton Tinnell and Kevin Trent for a Car Wash in
the Appomattox Town Center, that an agreement be prepared for all parties to
sign and recorded in the Clerk's Office, said agreement to include several
stipulations including hours of operation daily 6:00 AM until 11:00 PM, and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to
waive all fees relating to zoning and land disturbance permits for the courthouse
construction project and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On:a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council agreed to
lift the water moratorium on out of town water connections and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried. ‘

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council approved the
Slate of Officers for the 2003 Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Board and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mrs. Bennett, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council approved the
release of the Town's donation to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department's
building fund of $90,000.00 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.