# REGULAR MEETING – April 14, 2003

Page 3 of 4

oe ew» WORKSHOP MEBTING oe

April 29,2003

A workshop meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday, April 29, i
2003 at 7:00 PM with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, C. Lewis McDearmon, Norman Mayberry,
Joyce Bennett, W. H. Carson, and Marvin Mitchell.

Others present: Pat Wood, Times Virginian, Bif Johnson, Hill Jones, Hurt & Proffitt, i
Inc., William M. Phillips, Town Attorney, David T. Garrett, Jr., Town Manager,
Roxanne Paulette, Deputy Clerk, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

Ona motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mrs. Bennett, Council voted to approve the
Nextel Agreement and authorize Mayor Spiggle to sign -for the Town, and all those ;
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Ona motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mrs. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt !
the “Resolution of Support” for the grant request by the County for the Department of I
Recreation. , :

WHEREAS, the Department of Conservation and Recreation; provides funds to assist | |
political subdivisions of the Commonwealth of Virginia in acquiring and developing
open space and park land; and

WHEREAS, there are urgent needs within Appomattox County to develop land; and

WHEREAS, it is fitting that we set apart land and activities to highlight the growing need
of our citizens for constructive, creative and meaningful free-timé activities; and

WHEREAS, we ate more aware than ever before of the importance which leisure
activities will have in our future lives and in the lives of our children and grandchildren; |

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, that the Town wholeheartedly supports the grant application of the
County of Appomattox and hereby urges the Department of Conservation and Recreation
to look favorably upon this application and fund the projects as outlined thereby
improving the quality of life of all citizens of our county. ;

Bennett-aye Carson-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye McDearmon-aye Mayberry-aye
Motion carried.