Page 2 of 2 443

Council Minutes
May 13, 1996

Mayor Spiggle reported to Council that GEO Technical Services has
received approval of the SWCB and is awaiting the Health Departments
approval of the plans of modification.

On a motion by Mr. R. W. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
approved the water connection for Willie T. Stegall, UJr., on
Route 658 and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council
voted to authorize Mayor Spiggle to write a letter to the Postal
authoriities encouraging them to locate the Post Office in Town,
keeping in mind the exterior appearance with the historical
atmosphere of Appomattox, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by R.-W. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council
voted to refer the request for sidewalk on Church Street

and a sidewalk on Lee Grant Avenue to the Street Committee, and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported that we have received 100,000.00 towards
the downtown project. In order to get these funds, we will
have to do the total project.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted

to approve the appointment of Steve Lawson and Norman Mayberry

to a special Committee to be formed with the Board of Supervisors
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned.

R. C. SPIGGLE a

Bobbie H. Mu

