ref: reel_02_0505
date: 1947-11-01
content: Scales, weighing for charges ........................................................... $ 2.50 Telephone companies 3% of 1% of gross business in town Telegraph ............................................................................................ 10.00 Tobacco, retail (in addition to merchants license or vending machine license) ..................................................... 2.50

Before any person, firm, or corporation shall do any of the business or things, for the doing of which a license tax is above provided, he shall take out a license from the Town of Appomattox for so doing.

Upon the application of any person, firm, or corporation desiring to do any of the businesses or things for which a license tax is above provided, the Commissioner of Revenue of the Town shall issue to such person a license for the same.

The tax on each license as above provided, shall be paid by the person taking out the license, to the Treasurer, when such license is issued by the Commissioner, and such tax shall not take effect until there shall be endorsed thereon by the Treasurer of the Town a receipt showing the payment of the license tax thereon.

Unless otherwise above provided, all licenses shall be for the period of twelve months, or for the proportionate part thereof trading to January 31st of the next year. If a license shall be desired and issued at any time after February 1st, of any year, it shall run to the 31st day of January, next ensuing, and shall not be for less than one-twelfth of the whole year, but in computing such proportion, every license issued in any month shall be treated as issuing on the first day of the month in which issued. But no license, the tax on which is five dollars or less shall be prorated.

Every license shall be made to confer a personal privilege and shall not be transferable, without consent of the Council, entered of record.

Each day's continuance in business without a license shall be a separate offense; and if any person, firm, or corporation shall do any business or thing, for which a license tax is above provided, without taking out a license to do so and paying the tax therefor, he shall be fined for each offense not less than ten nor more than twice the amount of the license tax above provided for the business or thing, and shall be committed to the Town jail until the fine be paid; and until he shall have taken out and paid for the proper license the tax thereon above provided.

If any person, firm, or corporation do any two or more of the business or things, for the doing of which a license tax is above provided, he shall take out a license for each one thereof.
chunk_id: 19976
record_id: 996
page_number: 1

