1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 24, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council met for Public Hearing and Workshop meeting on Tuesday,
May 24, 2022 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street,
Appomattox, Virginia with Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, and Aaron M. Tilton.

Absent:  James J. Boyce, Sr.

Others:  Jamie Gillespie, Jonathon Garrett, Sharon Walker, Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim
Ray, Town Treasurer; R. Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Public Hearing:
Mayor Conner opened the public hearing by stating the purpose:
The Appomattox Town Council will hold a public hearing on Tuesday, May 24, 2022 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street.  The purpose of this public
hearing will be to receive public comments concerning the following:

Proposed FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox - In accordance with §15.2-2506
Code of Virginia, the following is a brief synopsis of the budget proposed by the Town of
Appomattox for FY 2023:

GENERAL FUND EXPENDITURES
WATER FUND EXPENDITURES
SEWER FUND EXPENDITURES
TOTAL EXPENDITURES

GENERAL FUND REVENUE
WATER FUND REVENUE
SEWER FUND REVENUE
TOTAL REVENUE

$2,894,409.00
$2,965,297.00
$2,862,145.00
$8,721,851.00

$2,894,409.00
$2,965,297.00
$2,862,145.00
$8,721,851.00

Documentation is available during regular business hours in the Appomattox Town Office, 210
Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.  A copy is also available on the Town of Appomattox
website, www.townofappomattox.com.

The public and all interested parties are invited to attend this public hearing to make their views
known on the proposed FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox.  Any person needing
special accommodations should contact the Town Office no later than the close of business on
the day of the hearing at 434-352-8268.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 24, 2022

Staff presentations – none
Public comments – none
Council discussion – The proposed FY 2023 Budget for the Town of Appomattox will be moved
to the June 13, 2022 Regular agenda for consideration.
Mayor Conner closed the public hearing.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 5 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose
of discussion concerning a prospective business or industry or the existing business or industry
where no previous announcement has been made of the business or industry where no previous
announcement has been made of the business’ or industry’s interest in locating or expanding its
facilities in the community, specifically Business H.
Roll call vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Spiggle – yes.  Simpson
– absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Council Member Boyce made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Garrett and Council by the following recorded
vote adopted the motion:

Roll call vote: Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Garrett – yes, Puckette – yes, Spiggle – yes.  Simpson –
absent.  Motion carried 5-0.

Discussion Items:
Jonathan Garrett, Chief, Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department appeared before Council to
request a waiver of food truck permit fees and Meals Tax by said food trucks for the July 2, 2022
fireworks event and September 10th event at the Courtland Festival Park.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 24, 2022

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to waive the permit fees
and meals tax associated with the July 2, 2022 and September 10, 2022 events benefitting the
Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department.
Vote aye – Tilton, Boyce, Spiggle, Puckette.
Abstaining – Garrett – citing he is an officer with the AVFD.
Absent – Simpson.
Motion carried 4-0-1.

Council requested the Clerk discuss with Mikula Harris adding the “Town of” to the logo and
then request the Town Attorney to research trademarking for each logo.

On a motion by Mr. Boyce, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to write off the following
amounts which have reached the statute of limitations for collection; 2010 delinquent Real Estate
tax $192.10; 2016 delinquent Personal Property tax $4,679.36; 2018 delinquent Utility accounts
$2,494.86 and miscellaneous invoices for $100.00.  All members presenting voting aye.  Motion
carried 5-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
None

Council Comment:
Ms. Spiggle – seconded Mr. Boyce’s comment.
Mr. Garrett – none
Mrs. Puckette – Appreciates all the work by staff concerning the trouble at the parks lately.
Mr. Boyce – Thanked staff for all you are doing.
Mr. Tilton - none
Mayor Conner – Also appreciates all the staff.

Staff Reports:
Mr. Elder – none

Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer presented the financial report as of April 30, 2022.  She also noted
that the water fund is currently paying for the materials only portion of the Church Street
waterline project.   Staff is investigating the possibility of paperless billing.

Mrs. Casto - none

Mr. McGhee, Town Manager reported on the VDOT Smart Scale lighting project on Old
Courthouse Road.  The train depot proposals have been received but not reviewed by staff.  He
attended a meeting of the Appomattox Downtown Revitalization project.  The owner of the
former Thomasville plant/property has hired a new property maintenance company.  Mr. Fowler
is drafting a proposed ordinance for signs in Public Use spaces. He also met with the
Appomattox County Public Schools Superintendent.

4  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
May 24, 2022

Adjournment:
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Puckette, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

