1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 9, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, May 9, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A. Simpson, Mary Lou G.
Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.  Absent: James J. Boyce, Sr.

Others:  Donald Simpson, Sheriff; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; R.
Terry McGhee, Town Manager and Roxanne W. Casto, Interim Town Manager/Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Mr. McGhee led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Welcomed the new Town Manager, R. Terry McGhee.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Donald D. Simpson, Sheriff – Appomattox County appeared before Council to provide an update
on various activities in the Town.

  One of the largest impacts on the Sheriff’s Office is the mental health response and the

amount of time a deputy is sitting with patients.  The Governor of Virginia has appointed
a new Director of the Department of Behavioral Health.  The Sheriff is hopeful there will
be changes soon.

  Speeding on Church Street continues to be a problem.  VDOT is working on signage and

his office is working on enforcement.

  The General Assembly changed the law regarding “squatted trucks,” however loud
trucks/exhausts are not as easily enforceable.  The noise from the truck must reach a
certain decibel level.

  Homelessness has increased in the past year.  They are willing to take anyone to a

location for housing assistance.

  The State Budget has yet to pass however, he is expecting a raise and bonus for deputies.

Council thanked Sheriff Simpson for the update.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to accept the consent
agenda as presented for May 9, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
May 9, 2022

New Business:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the signature
cards at Farmers Bank of Appomattox and the Bank of the James for all accounts with the
following authorized signers:  Mayor, Richard C. Conner; Vice-Mayor, Timothy W. Garrett;
Town Manager, R. Terry McGhee; Town Treasurer, Kimberley Ray.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
None

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Mr. McGhee provided to Council with road mapping ideas for moving forward with the train
depot development.

Council Comment:
Mrs. Puckette – Based on the Sheriff’s comments should be budget money for a review of the
Town Code?  Mrs. Casto explained there was funding in the budget as this is due to be awarded
after July 1, 2022.  The review will be a multi-year process.
Mr. Simpson – none
Mr. Garrett – none
Mr. Tilton – none
Ms. Spiggle – none

Adjournment:
On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 7:20 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 5-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

