ref: reel_02_0421
date: 1965-08-16
content: AUGUST MEETING
The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 16, 1965 at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding.
The following members were present: Dick Wingfield, H. B. Pack, Mrs. C. H. Robinson and Ivey Holland.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.
Motion was made by H. B. Pack seconded by Ivey Holland, that the Council authorize H. B. Pack to have an Ordinance drawn up to require all property owners to clean up their property. Motion carried.
Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, that the Town get someone to haul and gravel Ann St. and Plesheman Street at once. Motion carried.
There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of September 20, 1965.
Signed S. R. Lawson, Mayor
H. B. Pack
Signed O. J. Hunter, Clerk
SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 25, 1965, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding.
The following members were present: H. B. Pack; Dick Wingfield; Burke Guill; Mrs. C. H. Robinson and Ivey Holland.
Motion was made by H. B. Pack seconded by Burke Guill, that the Town participate with the State Highway Department up to 71 cts. on the ditch at A. A. Babcock's. The additional cost to be on the 50-50 basis. Motion carried.
Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Ivey Holland, that the Town pay J. C. Cole the amount of $1,000.00 for the poisoned cattle. Voting for: H. B. Pack. Voting against: Dick Wingfield, Burke Guill
An amendment to the motion was made by Dick Wingfield seconded by Burke Guill, that the Town negotiate with Mr. Cole about the settlement of the bill presented to the Town. Committee appointed by the Mayor: H. B. Pack; S. R. Lawson; Burke Guill. Motion carried.
Motion was made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Ivey Holland, that the Town adopt the Three Ordinances prepared by the Town Attorney. Motion carried. Copies of the Ordinances attached.
Motion made by Ivey Holland seconded by Burke Guill, that the Council appoint H. B. Pack to the Planning Commission. Motion carried.
Motion made by H. B. Pack seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, that the Town pay Mrs. Caudle the sum of $50.00 for right-of-way on Route 460. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19905
record_id: 925
page_number: 1

