1  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 9, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, December 9, 2013 at
7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Paul Michael Raymond, Andy Carroll, Stephanie James, Chad Millner, Bob Goode,
Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Council; Carlton Duck,
Alive Media TV; Stephanie James, Times Virginian; Katrina Koetring, News & Advance; Stacey
Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Town Manager and Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Paul Michael Raymond led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Council provided an
update on the status of the Peckham, Guyton, Albers & Viets, Inc. (PGAV) Retail Marketing
Study.

Mayor’s Comments –
Mayor Harvey thanked the Town’s new Economic Development Council for their service.  Andy
Carroll will be Chairman and Chad Millner the Vice-Chairman.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adopt the consent agenda with the addition of NB #2 – Consideration of  Resolution of Watch
for Children Signs.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

New Business –
On a motion by Councilmember Garrett, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted to
approve the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the 1997 session of the General Assembly amended the Code of Virginia, with the
addition of Section 33.1-210.2 which allows the installation of “Watch for Children” signs; and

WHEREAS, a resident of Isabelle Street in the Town of Appomattox, Virginia, has expressed
concern regarding speeding on this street and potential juvenile pedestrian activity; and

WHEREAS, a review of this area indicates that it meets the criteria set forth by the Virginia
Department of Transportation, for the installation of “Watch for Children” signs.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox Town Council does hereby request the
Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Transportation to use funds from the Secondary

2  Regular Council Meeting

Monday, December 9, 2013

Construction Budget to install “Watch for Children” signs at the appropriate location on
Isabelle Street in the Town of Appomattox, Virginia.

The vote was:  Aye:  Garrett, McDearmon, Spiggle, Mayberry, Conner, and Puckette

Nay:  None
Absent: None

Motion carried.

Town Manager update – Mr. Gillespie discussed the material (Priorities & Initiatives) generated
at the 2013 Council Retreat.  The Finance & Planning Committee will further discuss the
Priorities & Initiatives in January 2014 and consideration for final approval will be submitted in
February 2014.

Citizen Comment period – none

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950,
as amended, for the purpose of discussion of a specific appointee and/or public officer of the
Town, specifically being Appointee A.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette
– aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certification resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

Vote:  Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette
– aye.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:30 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

