ref: reel_03_0773
date: 1981-08-10
content: On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council decided that they have already adequately taken care of the problem in question on drainage in Chinatown.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Hubbard-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton explained Item 4, Old Business on the Agenda. M-1 Zoning now does not require any permits. It can be changed to require a permit from Council before any building permits are issued.

Mr. Conner made the motion, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, by which Council voted to advertise the Town's intention to change the Zoning Ordinance for M-1 Zoning to require a conditional use permit on any permit issued for that M-1 District.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Conner-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried.

Items 5 & 6, Old Business, where referred to the Agenda for the next regular meeting.

Mr. Britton reported on the meeting with the State Water Control Board. We had Millard Rice, Bill Bishop, Ralph Mayer, Charlie Maus, and Charles Massie here. They came up with some solutions that they will allow us to look at: 1. We possibly can cut the service area, 2. Cut the size of the Plant down in flow, 3. They will allow us to work with two systems, and 4. They will allow us to up-date the existing system to 30-30 standards but the out-fall will go to Falling River.

Mr. Britton reported on the new Water Tank. We have had a leak but filled the Tank and the Cathodic Protection is in operation. We will have to find where the problem is before any determination of fault can be made.

Item 10, Old Business, was referred to the September meeting.

Mr. Britton requested permission to work a high school boy part-time during the Fall.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, Seconded by Mr. Noble, Council granted permission to Mr. Britton to work this person, and all members voted aye.

Mr. Britton reported that Cecil Reynolds, Manager of Sunnydale Apartments had requested an abatement on his water and sewer bill because of a leak in one of the apartments.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to deny the request of Cecil Reynolds for an abatement of the water and sewer bill, and all members voted aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle called for an Executive Session in accordance with Section 2.1-344 of the State Code.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to go into Executive Session to discuss personnel problems.

Council reconvened in regular session at 10:45 P.M.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to adopt a resolution withdrawing approval of the previously submitted Facilities Plan pending the re-evaluation of our system. (see copy in Council file dated Aug.1981)
chunk_id: 20828
record_id: 1848
page_number: 1

