1  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, January 25, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, January 25, 2011 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Chad Millner, Ronnie Lankford, Stephanie James, Bill & June Goodrich, Bob Hopkins,
Hurt & Proffitt; Carlton & Brian, Alive Media TV; Hazel Thomas, Nolan Connelly, Nina
Beasley, Frances Guill, Barbara Shelton, Jeff Elder, Utility Director; Stacey Wilkes, Town
Treasurer; Rhonda Guill, Deputy Clerk; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager; and Roxanne
Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Discussion of December 2010 planning priorities and initiatives project
Mr. Gillespie asked Council to review the Vision Statement, Mission Statement, Core Values
and Leadership Philosophy in order that they can be adopted by March 2011.  They need to be
posted in various places within Town structures.  We will talk about these at the February 2011
Workshop and then adopt at the March 2011 Council meeting.

Mr. Gillespie lead the discussion of all the priorities and initiatives discussed at the December
2010 work session.  Mr. Gillespie has provided Rhonda Guill, Deputy Clerk the entire packet to
create and maintain with the comments and questions until its adoption in March 2011.
All matters discussed regarding the priorities and initiatives project are maintained at the
Appomattox Town Office.

Council will choose four (4) or five (5) for this year and then begin reviewing the plan every
year.  Each priority and initiative project will need at least one council member.  Staff will break
the areas into six committees and use committee chairperson to work with the project
leader/project team.

Committee reports:
Finance – Mr. McDearmon reported that the committee will begin the FY 2012 budget process
soon.
Fire & Safety – Mr. Gillespie reported that the work continues on the blighted properties.  The
report will be very specific with pictures citing the deficiencies to be corrected.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported that he would like to have an Ordinance committee meeting at
the end of February to discuss the Sign Ordinance at look at the Subdivision/Zoning Ordinances.
Personnel – No report.
Street & Property – Mr. Gillespie reported that the Pavilion for Abbitt Park has been ordered.
He has also spoken with Mr. Bill Burke regarding the pavilion.  Mr. Gillespie, Jeff Elder, VDOT
and Dominion will be meeting to discuss moving the poles on Church Street and realigning the
sidewalk on Church Street.  Mr. Gillespie has also reviewed a site plan from O’Reilly Auto Parks
and Kroger for a gas station island.  He continues to work on the sewer line for the Museum of
the Confederacy area and work continues to install the street lights on Ferguson Street.

2  Workshop Meeting

Tuesday, January 25, 2011

Utility – Mr. Gillespie provided an update on the STAG grant utility work.  The contractor is
nearly complete with the water line replacement.  Work on the sewer line replacement will start
soon and take approximately 60 days to complete.

Staff Reports
Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer reported that she has met with Farmers Bank and will be offering
direct deposit to town employees soon.  The cost to the Town is approximately $60.00 per month
but will provide a huge benefit to Town employees.  The FY 2010 audit field work is complete.

Roxanne Paulette, Clerk of Council provided her written report to council but drew their
attention to the VML/VACo Legislative Day on February 3, 2011.  She requested that those
council members wishing to attend please let her know.

Mr. Gillespie reported on changes in responsibilities at the Town Office.  Rhonda Guill has been
named Deputy Clerk and other employees of the Town Office will now report directly to the
Town Treasurer.

Council Concerns
Mayor Harvey reported that the Town received a letter from the Appomattox County Chamber of
Commerce regarding the Community of Candles. The Appomattox County Chamber of
Commerce will once again resume responsibility of planning the annual Community of Candles.
The Town will continue with its financial and logistical assistance.

Mr. Wayne Phelps asked by letter (material) to the Town for their support by sending
Appomattox County a letter to save the former Appomattox County Library building.  Council
gave consensus to have Mr. Gillespie send a letter of support to Appomattox County.

Ms. Spiggle and Mr. Gillespie attempted to clarify the changes in the Bylaws and Rules of
Procedure as it pertains to the Citizen Comment period.

Ms. Spiggle asked for a letter of support for grant assistance for the Carver Price Legacy
Museum.  Ms. Spiggle will gain more information from the Carver Price Legacy Museum.

Mr. Conner questioned if Mr. Michael Estes had been asked to appear before Council regarding
the Civil War Trust request for a resolution of support for a grant to purchase property adjacent
to the Battle of Appomattox Station property.  Mr. Estes’ schedule has not permitted him to
attend yet.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council voted
to adjourn at 9:05 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

