ref: reel_02_0285
date: 1953-09-21
content: A special meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on September 9, 1953, at 7:30 p.m., with Mayor Chas. F. James presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Grover Smith, D. A. Christian, III, and C. T. Poe.

The Engineers from the State Highway Department met with the Council to discuss the proposed sidewalks on Routes 460 and 131. Mr. Cleveland, Engineer from the State Highway Department and Mr. Smith will contact the property owners on these sidewalks to see if they will donate the right-of-way.

Signed: Chas. F. James, Mayor
Chas. F. James
Signed: C. J. Hunter, Clerk
C. J. Hunter

SEPTEMBER 1953

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on September 21, at 7:30 p.m., with Mayor Chas. F. James presiding. The following members were present: J. T. Almond, Chas. T. Moses, Jr., Grover Smith, Dr. Christian, and Mrs. Robinson.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read. A motion was made by D. A. Christian, seconded by G. E. Smith, that the motion passed by the Council at the regular meeting in August pertaining to the property of Mrs. Alice Marshall be rescinded in view of the new evidence presented to the Council. Voting for: D. A. Christian, G. E. Smith, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Against: J. T. Almond.

Motion made by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, that the sidewalks be constructed from Rt. 131 to High Street thence to Bandana Street on High Street as soon as possible. Motion carried.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that the three-driveway entrances as shown on Sidewalk plans for Route 131 be eliminated until a later date as requested by R. B. Robinson. The said driveways include Liftoet. The town further agrees to construct these driveways at a later date as agreed upon by R. D. Robinson and the Town of Appomattox. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith seconded by D. A. Christian, that a driveway be included in the walk on the vacant lot owned by Miss Emma Smith on Route 131. Motion carried.

Motion made by G. E. Smith, seconded by D. A. Christian, that a driveway be included on the vacant lot of Mrs. S. L. Ferguson's beyond the end of the Sidewalk on Route 131. Motion carried.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town relieve the Appomattox Athletic Association of Gordon Bragg of the contract for the Ball Park for the year starting Sept 1, 1953 to August 31, 1954. Motion carried.

A motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by C. T. Moses, Jr., that a refund of $6.00 be made to Samuel R. Lawson for his 1953 taxes as this tax was incorrectly collected. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19769
record_id: 789
page_number: 1

