218 Regular Meeting ~ September 8, 1986

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on Monday,

September 8, 1986, at 7:30 p.m. with Mayor Spiggle presiding:

Those members present were: R. C. Hubbard, Martin Webb, R. L. Bass,
Marvin Mitchell, and S. E. Carter. Absent ~ H. W. Conner.

Others present: Frances Abbitt, Audrey Wright, Debra Chernault, Shelby
Paulette, Larry Horton, Steve Claytor, Fralin and Waldron, and Bobbie H.
Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council approved the
Agenda with the following additions to New Business: 1. Booster Club ~
sign at Ball Park; 2. Refurbishing the Town Office Building, and. all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, council approved the
Council minutes dated August 11, 1986, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council approved the
Financial Statement for July-1986, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council moved to
grant a Conditional Use Permit to Fralin and Waldron for a 60 Bed Nursing
Home to be built on the corner of Dogwood Street and Evergreen Avenue.

CGarter-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Mitchell-aye Bass-abstains from voting.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Garter, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to adopt
the following resolution in support of the Proposed Nursing facility:

WHEREAS, the Appomattox town Council being in full and
unanimous agreement of the necessity of an intermediate
and skilled nursing facility; and

WHEREAS, Medical Facilities of America-concurrently
proposes a 60-Bed Unit which we feel would presently
serve our needs,

WHEREAS, Medical Facility of America presently operates
nursing homes in our immediate area, and are headquartered
in Roanoke; and

WHEREAS, it is now the intention and desire of the Appomattox
town Council to petition the Virginia Department of Health to
strongly recommend Medical Associates of America to construct
a 60 Bed Nursing Home facility in Appomattox.

Now, Therefofe, Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox Town council
does hereby request the Virginia Department of Health that planning
-and all other activities go forward immediately.
