248A

Page 2 of 2
August 14, 1995
Council Minutes

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to donate the $5100.00 towards the printing of the
Brochures for the Chamber of Commerce provided the County pays
the other $5100.00.

Bass-aye Carter-aye Carson-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council
approved a water connection at the George Taylor residence off
Patricia Anne Lane and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to approve the connection for Robert Stephens on Bible Baptist
Road, and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted
to move the regular October Council meeting to October 2, 1995,
instead of October 9th, due to the conflict with the Annual
Virginia Municipal League Conference being held at the same time.

Bass-aye Carter-aey Carson-aye Lawson-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. Lawson reported on the crime in Downtown Appomattox. There

is also excess trash. Mr. Bass reported he has already contacted
the Sheriff to request some additional police patrol in that
area.

On a moiton by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitcheli, Council voted
to refer the request from the Masonic Lodge for a street parking
during their meetings and/or activities, and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

There being no further business to come before Council the
meeting adjourned.

MAYOR
Ronald C. Spigdl

Bobbie

