Regular Meeting - March 11, 1996

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, March 11, 1996 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spigg#té
presiding.

Those members present: Steve Lawson, Marvin Mitchell,
R. L. Bass, N. H. Mayberry, S. E. Carter, and R. W. Mitchell.

Others present: Joe Coflin, Steve Conner, Audrey Wright,
Jesse Morton Rosser, Wilson Staples, Sheriff, William Phillips
Cindy Smith, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

Mayor Spiggle has entered into the record that Mr. R. W. Mitchell's
absence in the past absence in the past three months has been due to
iliness.

On a motion by Mr. R. W. Mitchell, seconded by Marvin Mttbhell,
Council voted to approve the Consent Agenda with the following
additions to New Business: 6. Public Hearings, 7. Zoning Request,
8. Appropriation for Vehicle, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Sheriff Staples appeared before Council to inform Council Members
that he intended to continue the working relationship between the
Town and his department.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. R. W. Mitchell, Council
voted to approve the water and sewer application for Wenco and
all those present voting aye. Mdtion carried.

On a motion by Steve Lawson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted
to write a letter to Wenco regarding the possibility of changing
the architecture of the building in accordance with our Community
plans and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Mike Johnson has requested a water\connection for his house
on Route 26.

On a motion by Mr. R. W. Mitchell, seconded by Norman Mayberry,
Council voted to grant a water connection to Mike Johnson on
Route 26 provided the fees are paid, and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Norman Mayberry, Council
voted to accept the request from D. S. Nash Construction Company
for sewer to his shop area, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
hire Hurt & Proffitt as the Town Engineer effective immediately
and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted
to designate Mayor Spiggie as the Agent for FEMA purposes and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by R. W. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council
voted to waive the necesary fees and permits for the American

