1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 14, 2014

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, April 14, 2014
at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia
with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, Jr., C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N.H.
“Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. Conner, and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others:  Carlton Duck, Alive Media TV; Geri Granato, Beth Turner, Daphne Moore, Lewis
Moore, Rhonda Guill, Rick Butler, Bryan Baine, Katrina Koerting,  Rev. Russell Cheatham,
Frances Guill, Stephanie James, Times Virginian; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; C. William
Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager; and Roxanne W. Casto, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Russell Cheatham, Memorial United Methodist Church led the prayer and Pledge of
Allegiance.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
Rick Butler, Virginia Department of Forestry appeared before Council to present the Town with
its 2nd year of Tree City USA material.  Mr. Butler expressed concerns of the lack of interest with
the current Town Tree Board.  The Town will coordinate a meeting with the current membership
and seek additional membership.

Mayor’s Comments –
The Town of Pamplin had a major water leak and the Town of Appomattox’s Public Works
Department assisted them in repairing the leak.  Mayor Harvey thanked the Town’s staff for their
assistance.

Mayor Harvey also commented on the Civil War Re-enactment held the weekend of April 12th.
He is hopeful for an even larger event next year as it will be the 150th Anniversary of the end of
the Civil War.

Consent Agenda –
On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to adopt the
Consent Agenda of April 14, 2014 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

New Business –

Mayor Harvey presented the following proclamation:

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 14, 2014

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
ARBOR DAY PROCLAMATION
April 17-24, 2014

WHEREAS,

in 1872, J. Sterling Morton proposed to the Nebraska Board of Agriculture that a
special day be set aside for the planting of trees, and

WHEREAS,   this holiday, called Arbor Day, was first observed with the planting of more than a

million trees in Nebraska, and

WHEREAS,   Arbor Day is now observed throughout the nation and the world, and

WHEREAS,   trees can reduce the erosion of our precious topsoil by wind and water, cut heating

and cooling costs, moderate the temperature, clean the air, produce life-giving
oxygen, and

WHEREAS,   the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees provide

habitat for birds, and

WHEREAS,   trees are a renewable resource giving us paper, wood for our homes, fuel for our

fire and countless other wood products, and

WHEREAS,   trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business areas,

and beautify communities, and

WHEREAS,   trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby recognize

the 25th day of April, 2014 (the last Friday in April) as our Sixth Annual
Arbor Day celebration and I urge all citizens to celebrate Arbor Day and
to support efforts to protect our trees and woodlands, and

FURTHER,   I urge all citizens to plant trees to gladden the heart and promote the well-being of

this and future generations.

Dated this                                day of

Mayor

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 14, 2014

Town Manager Update –
Mr. Gillespie provided an updated on the burned house at 427 Sunnydale Avenue, Appomattox,
Virginia.  There are a number of judgment liens on the property.  The Town Attorney has crafted
a certified letter to be sent to the owner of record, trustee and lien holder.  Staff will be moving
forward with the letters and public notice advertisement.  After 30 days have passed from the
expiration of the letters and the public notice the Town Attorney can proceed with the next steps
in the process.

Citizen Comment period –
Beth Turner – Spout Spring, Virginia – Has a business on Main Street and has been there for
over 23 years.

I am here tonight on the concern of moving the Visitor’s Center.  The concerns I have are that
the parking is very inadequate on that end of the street where/we/I understand you are planning
to move it.  There are too many businesses that continue to park on the street, all day, every day,
during business hours that don’t allow any available parking places for our customers and
visitors.

Why would you move the visitor’s center to the end of the street where there is no adequate
parking when where it is has several parking spaces to hold several visitors?  The other concern
is that by placing the visitor’s center at the other end of the street where it is not visible until you
get to the end of the street makes it too difficult to find and then find a place to park.  The only
alternative for them is to go right and get lost or go left and then not know how to loop back
around, feel discouraged and leave this town.

The location is very quaint and very functional and gives the visitor’s a chance to sit out on the
deck, watch trains go by and take pictures and use the available facilities.  If you decide to move
the visitor’s center all you would be doing is making it harder for those who want to see and get
information more difficult.  I challenge each of you on this Town Council to take a drive
downtown during normal business hours and then locate where the proposed visitor’s center
would be and then try to find a place to park.  A visitor’s center is a much needed asset to this
town and especially on Main Street.  Why would you take something that is working and
working well to the end of the street where it will not be visible until you get to the end and then
get lost.  We have been a business owner on Main Street for over 23 years and enjoyed the
people who have enjoyed this town.  So why would you take something that is working and turn
it into a change that would not benefit the visitors of this town.  We don’t know what your plans
are but you need to consider those who have supported this town, whose businesses have been an
asset and to those who live and visit here.  Thank you.

Lewis Moore – Appomattox County Resident

Ditto what Beth said.  Can anyone give me a good reason for moving the visitor’s center?
Anyone?

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 14, 2014

Mayor Harvey – we don’t exchange dialogue – you get to speak.

Another concern I have is increasing the meals tax.  You all know you just increased 3% not too
long ago.  From 5% to 8%.  That makes Appomattox and I think, the Town of Orange, the
highest.  I also understand that it is to replace the Real Estate tax that residents in Town are
paying at this time.  Since I can’t ask a question as I had some questions – It was stated that the
people from Appomattox were not the ones who eat in the Town.  I’m just wondering where they
are coming from?  I don’t get 2 or 3$ of visitors over a year period.  And over the winter months
I don’t get 1%.  So, in my opinion the people I have eating in my restaurant are local people from
the County and the Town.

Bryan Baine – 646 Lee Grant Avenue

Thank you – I am here to talk about Meals Tax primarily but I would like to thank the Council
and particularly Ms. Spiggle on the upcoming work on greenspace projects along our roads and it
will benefit our businesses as well as everyone else’s businesses.  I love to see that.  I want to
speak about the meals tax.  I am for meals tax.  I think it’s a good way and a fair way to collect
some revenue.  It does tap some money from other states and other parts of the state, which is
good.  We would like to keep some of their money – I think – it’s great.  It is part of a tax
package for a town, particularly ours.  It is important to look at it in the context of the whole state
and you’ve probably already done this.  Weldon Cooper Center at UVA does an annual report of
tax rates throughout the state.  2013 is out – 2012 is available online.  The only town – city or
county at 8% is the Town of Orange.  So now there may be 2 of us at 8% - so now are tied for
first, unless someone else has also raised it that much.

Only 7 towns have more than 6% and there are a lot of towns in Virginia and we are on the way
top end even graduated down just a little.  Almost everyone else is a 3 or 5%.  It is important to
look at where everyone is for 2 reasons – 1) General fairness to people coming through town,
locals, and restaurant owners – while we don’t pay the tax – we just collect it.  It must have an
impact if you go too far.  People will say – come in and get dinner – people may not notice it.
But if you’re coming in to get a cup of coffee, right after y’all changed it, from here at first and
then out of the area/state would ask is that right?  Can you check it again?  What’s your tax here?
Oh man that’s high.  So I am not sure it’s the message we want to send.  2)  In selling the Town
as a place to attract businesses and restaurants – I am sure when I was sitting there and as you are
sitting there.  When you say “What do you want to see in this town” and they say “some
restaurants and a hotel” everyone wants more choices to eat without driving to Lynchburg and I
don’t know if an 8-9% tax wouldn’t keep a chain restaurant out of here – but I don’t think it
would be in the plus column either.

You don’t want to be #1 in a Tax – There’s a lot of things we want to be #1 at in the Town and
probably are but a tax isn’t one of them.

I think the Visitor’s Center works great where it is.  It draws people downtown which is
important because you’re coming to Main Street not going through Main Street on your way to

5  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 14, 2014

somewhere.  Main Street is a destination.  You are going to the bank, Country Charm, Baine’s
bookstore, Granny Bee’s.  You hate to lose any of our package destinations.

Mayor Harvey – thank you for all of your comments and giving of your time, opinions and
needs.

Council Concerns – none

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Puckette, Council voted to adjourn at
7:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

