ref: reel_03_0529
date: 1979-09-10
content: Carter-aye Conner-aye Gordon-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Bass-aye Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported on a request from H. G. Lawson for a water and sewer connection for an Apartment House in Town. The Committees have recommended approval of the connections with the same stipulations as given to Virtex, LTD.

Mr. Hubbard made the motion, seconded by Bass, to accept the recommendations of the Committees; to approve the request for H. G. Lawson for water when the 1,000,000 gallon water tank is connected to the Town System; 2. To approve Sewer Connection, upon approval by the State Water Control Board, and with following stipulations: A. That Mr. Lawson pay for the costs of removing 1½ times the Inflow and Infiltration to the Town System; and B. If at any time after connection the Town goes over its permit limits, Mr. Lawson will pay the interim treatment costs.

Conner-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Bass made the motion, seconded by Lawson, to accept the 24-60 permit standards as allowed by the State Water Control Board at the new Wastewater Facility and advertised for two weeks in the local newspaper.

Conner-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Lawson-aye Carter-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton reported on a request from Southwest Virginia Health Systems Agency, Inc. to add fluoride to the Town’s water system. It was the consensus of Council to table this request.

On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Conner, the following resolution was adopted on the By-Pass Design:

Resolved, That the Council does hereby support the design of Project 7460-006-101, C501 (Appomattox By-Pass) as presented at the Public Hearing held on Wednesday, August 15, 1979 at 7:30 P.M. at the Appomattox County Elementary School.

Conner-aye Gordon-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Lawson-nay Hubbard-aye Motion carried by a 5 to 1 vote.

A letter from Mr. Kerr on his hourly billing rate was presented. His bill has already gone over his budget figure. Council accepted this but took no action.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted to Delete pigeons from our Sec. 4-7, Bird Sanctuary and advertise for 2 weeks.

Conner-aye Carter-aye Gordon-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Hubbard-aye Motion carried.
chunk_id: 20675
record_id: 1695
page_number: 1

