ref: reel_03_0665
date: 1983-08-16
content: On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carson, Council voted to table Item 4, Old Business, until the next regular meeting, and all members voting aye. Motion carried.

Mr. Britton reported to Council that E.P.A. is asking the State Water Control Board to cut down on the regulations. State Water Control Board says that they don't have the time and money to do another study now.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, Council voted to allow Mr. Britton to apply for the grant from the Block Grant Program, regardless of the outcome with the E.P.A. and State Water Control Board, and all members present voted aye. Motion carried.

Mayor Spiggle reported on the meeting of the Fire Committee. The outcome of the meeting was that other than daily wear and tear on the equipment, any purchase over $200.00 has to be approved by the Mayor, Manager, and Chairman of the Board of Supervisors.

Mr. Paul Nash has requested Council to reconsider his request and their decision on his building on Church Street.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to not reconsider their decision on Mr. Paul Nash's request and allow the previous decision to stand.

Carson-aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Lawson-aye Noble-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

Mr. Britton was requested to send a letter to Armstrong Furniture to state Council's action and the reason for this action on the zoning ordinance.

On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council voted to have a member of Town Council on the Central Virginia Planning District Commission if the County continues to pay the membership dues, and submit Mr. Hubbard's name to this Commission. (Mr. Hubbard does not wish to serve.)

Carson-aye Carter-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Lawson-aye
Motion carried unanimously.

There being no further business to come before Council, the meeting adjourned at 9:05 P.M.

B. H. Mullins
CLERK

Ronald C. Spiggle
MAYOR
chunk_id: 20752
record_id: 1772
page_number: 1

