ref: reel_02_0380
date: 1961-08-09
content: COMMITTEE MEETING OF ORDINANCE COMMITTEE
The ordinance committee met in the Mayor's Office on July 31, 1961,
at 7:30 P.M., with Mrs. C. H. Robinson, chairman, presiding. The other
members present were Dr. S. R. Lawson and H. B. Pack.
The purpose of the meeting was to go over the new Town Code and
make any corrections necessary.
SPECIAL MEETING
A Special Meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on
August 9, at 7:00 P.M., with Mayor Chas. T. Moses, Jr. Presiding. The purpose
of the meeting was to meet with the Highway officials to discuss the
widening of Route 460 at the west end of Town and to approve the new Town
of Appomattox Town Code for 1961.
The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Ivey
Holland, Dr. S. R. Lawson, R. E. Gilbert, J. T. Almond and H. B. Pack.
Motion was made by Ivey Holland, seconded by Dr. S. R. Lawson,
That the following resolution be adopted: Resolved, the Town Council
of the Town of Appomattox do hereby approve the construction plans of
Project 0160-000-103, C-501 from the end of the existing curb and gutter
west to the West Corporate Limits of Appomattox, on Route 460, and do
hereby agree to participate in 50% of the cost of new storm sewer, es-
timated to cost the Town $1,160.00 and do hereby agree to participate
in 50% of the cost of new sidewalk, estimated to cost the Town $1,120.00;
making a total estimated cost to the Town of $2,224.00.
Be it further resolved, that the Town request the financing of this
participating cost be broken down into two (2) equal payments, the first
of which will be due in December 1963 and the second of which will be due
in December 1964, allowing the Town to complete the present obligations
which are due in December 1961 and December 1962. Motion carried.
Motion was made by Mrs. C. H. Robinson, seconded by Dr. Lawson, That
the Council tentatively approve the Town Code addition for 1961 and have
50 copies printed. Motion carried.
The meeting adjourned.
chunk_id: 19864
record_id: 884
page_number: 1

