145.

Regular Meeting - December 9, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held on
Monday, December 9, 1991 at 7:45 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those members present: R. C. Hubbard, H. W. Conner, Marvin
Mitchell, W. H. Carson, S. E.,Carter, and R. L. Bass.

Others present were: Opal Parrish, Mr. Bill Briggs, Archie
Brown, Bernard C. Proctor, and Bobbie H. Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, geconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council
voted to adopt the Agenda as-presented and all those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

Mrs. Opal Parrish appeared before Council to discuss her new
proposal for a Teen Club on Lee Street. Mr. Bill Briggs, owner
of the Building, asked what was.taking so long on this request.

Mayor Spiggle promised to give Mrs. Parrish an answer on or
before December 20, 1991. He will be getting our Attorney to
review the request along with the V.M.L. Legal Staff.

Mr. Proctor appeared before Town Council to discuss several
projects that are pending. The waterline on Route 1010, the
Community Center Well and waterline, and the sewer line at ~'
John Coles.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted “to
have an ordinance drawn up to allow the Town to request from each
business the sales and use tax figures each year, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

In accordance with Section 2.1-344 of the State Code and ona
motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Conner, the Council voted
to go into Executive Session to discuss possible litigation and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. Hubbard, Council voted

to reconvene into regular session and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted
to recess and reconvene on December 20, 1991 at 5:00 P.M. and
all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

rat edgus ¢Ce MAYOR

Ronald C. Spiggle

©
CLERK

Bobbie H. Mullins

