oo

n

REGULAR MEETING - March 8, 1993 155

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, March 8, 1993, at 7:30 P.M. with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present: R. L. Bass, S. E. Carter, H. W. Conner,
S. E. Lawson, W. H. Carson, and R. W. Mitchell.

Others present were: Cindy Smith, Times-Va, Kim Bill, Appomattox
Times, Junior Beasley, Arthur Lee Wiggins, III, Al & Teri
Cestaro, Audrey Ferguson, Bea Hudson, Jesse Carwile, Mary Anne
Wheeler, Bernard C. Proctor, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, Council

voted to approve the Agenda with one deletion of Item 7 and addition
of Item 9, Request for Water and Sewer Connection, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

Citizen Comment:

Audrey Ferguson ~ She has a petition of 110 names against
that No Burning Ordinance but did not enter
the petition into the record.

Teri Cestaro - Spoke against changing the No Burning due

to the Health Risk to all Citizens

On a motion by Mr. R. W. Mitchell, seconded by Mr. Conner,
Council accepted the Special Committee's recommendation to
approve the amendment to the Burning Ordinance as presented
(see attached copy)

Ayes 5 Nays 1 Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council
voted to seek approval from the State Air Pollution Control
Board and that a Public Hearing be scheduled for April 12,
1993, at 7:00 R.M. to hear citizen comments on the proposed
amendment. Motion carried.

Mr. Mitchell reported on the Street Committee meeting. They

had four requests for Street lights and one has been withdrawn.

On a motion by Mr. Mitchell, the Street Committee has
recommended the approval of the request for two Street lights,
a second light at the Town Ball Park entrance, and at

T. E. Moore's residence provided the tree can be removed on the
left hand side of the road on Lee Grant Avenue, and all those
present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by S. E. Carter, the Property Committee has
received five bids on a pick up trucks and they recommend we
purchase a 93 3/4 T. Dodge at a price of $14,485.00 from
Ourisman Dodge in Alexander and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

ee

