386

* an $n rr rr tt A RR NR

Regular Meeting - November 13, 2000

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, November 13, 2000 at 7:30 PM with Mayor Spiggle
presiding.

Those members present were: Steve Lawson, Joyce Bennett,
C. Lewis McDearmon, Norman Mayberry, and W. H. Carson.
Absent - Marvin Mitchell

Others present: S. E. Carter, Fred Smith, Bob Scherle,
Charles Garrett, Edna Francis, Barbara Shelton, Bif
Johnson, Hurt & Proffitt, William M. Phillips, Town
Attorney, and Bobbie Mullins, Clerk.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the Consent Agenda with one
correction to the workshop meeting minutes, showing Mrs.
Bennett as being present, and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.

Mrs. Bennett reported the Firemenâ€™s Dinner will be held on
December 7, 2000 at the Frozen Food Locker at 6:00 PM.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry,
Council voted to approve the Change Order Number Four as
presented by Hurt & Proffitt and all those present voting
aye. Motion carried. See attached copy.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon,
Council voted to deny the request for a monetary
contribution to the Martin Luther King, Jr. Birthday
Celebration and all those present voting aye. Motion
carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to waive the availability fees a the New Elementary
School and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Lawson, Council
voted to approve the plans and specifications for Walton
Place Water Line as presented by Hurt & Proffitt and all
those present voting aye. Motion carried.

|
ed

