1  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 8, 2013

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, April 8, 2013 at 7:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Claudia Puckette.

Others:  Rick Butler, S. L. Ferguson, Marvin Mitchell, Bryan David, Stephanie James, Katrina
Koetring, Roger Carson, Barbara Shelton, Erin Finch, Jeff Elder, Carlton Duck, Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of
Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck delivered the invocation.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mr. Gillespie introduced and recognized the members of the Town Planning Commission –
Marvin Mitchell - Chairman, Erin Finch – Vice-Chairman, S. L. Ferguson, Roger Carson and
Claudia Puckette.

Public Hearing
Mayor Harvey opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose:

Appomattox Town Council and Town Planning Commission will conduct a public
hearing on a proposed Ordinance of Vacation, pursuant to VA. CODE ANN. §15.2-2272
to vacate that the unopened portion of Lizzie Street identified as “Parcel 1” containing
0.106 acre, “Parcel 2” containing 0.050 acre and “Parcel 3” containing 0.055 acres, all as
shown upon a plat of survey entitled “Boundary Line Adjustment Survey, 0.211 Acre,
Surveyed for:  Town of Appomattox, Source of Title:  Town of Appomattox D.B. 24
P.184,” made by Elizabeth R. Rosser, L.S., dated October 13, 2011, Divided December 9,
2011, and recorded in the clerk’s office aforesaid at the Appomattox County Courthouse,
which area remains an unopened street.  The effect of such proposed vacation shall be to
vest such title as the Town of Appomattox may possess to the centerline of such
unopened street so vacated, free and clear of any rights of the public, but subject to the
rights of the owners of any public utility installations which have been previously erected
therein, in accordance with the provisions of Virginia Code Ann. Sec. 15.2-2274, equally
in the owners of abutting properties as follows:

Parcel 1 containing 0.106 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-
I-7A  owned by Bonnie S. Cunningham;
Parcel 2 containing 0.050 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-2-
B owned by Jacqueline P. Hamlette and Troy Q. Coker;
Parcel 3 containing 0.055 acre, more or less, shall be added to T.M. No. 64A6-1-
H-2 owned by Edward D. Austin, Jr. and Leslie C. Austin;

2  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 8, 2013

The Planning Commission will make its recommendation with respect thereto to the
Appomattox Town Council for its consideration at its meeting to be held on May 13,
2013.

There were no public hearing comments regarding this item.

Mayor Harvey closed the hearing.

Scheduled Public Appearances –
Rick Butler, State Forester – Appomattox Town Tree Board
Rick Butler appeared before Council to announce that the Town of Appomattox is now
designated a Tree City, USA by the Arbor Day Foundation.

The 2013 Arbor Day observance will be held on Friday, April 12 at 4:30 p.m. at the strip of
property between Robinson Funeral Home and Ferguson Street.

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to accept/present the
2013 Arbor Day proclamation to the Tree Board.  All members present voting aye.  Motion
carried.

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
ARBOR DAY PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS,

in 1872, J. Sterling Morton proposed to the Nebraska Board of Agriculture that a special
day be set aside for the planting of trees, and

WHEREAS,

this holiday, called Arbor Day, was first observed with the planting of more than a
million trees in Nebraska, and

WHEREAS,   Arbor Day is now observed throughout the nation and the world, and

WHEREAS,

trees can reduce the erosion of our precious topsoil by wind and water, cut heating and
cooling costs, moderate the temperature, clean the air, produce life-giving oxygen, and

WHEREAS,

the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees provide habitat
for birds, and

WHEREAS,

trees are a renewable resource giving us paper, wood for our homes, fuel for our fire and
countless other wood products, and

WHEREAS,

trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business areas, and
beautify communities, and

WHEREAS,

trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby recognize the 12th

day of April, 2013 as our Fifth Annual Arbor Day celebration and I urge all

3  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 8, 2013

citizens to celebrate Arbor Day and to support efforts to protect our trees and
woodlands, and

FURTHER,

I urge all citizens to plant trees to gladden the heart and promote the well-being of this
and future generations.

Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Council
Bryan David, Executive Director, Region 2000 Economic Development Council appeared before
Town Council to explain in detail the Tourism Related Retail and Hospitality Market and Site
Assessment study/project.

He explained the agreement between Virginia’s Region 2000 Partnership Economic
Development Council (on the Town’s behalf) and Peckham Guyton Albers & Viets, Inc.

On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted to
authorize the engagement of Region 2000 Partnership Economic Development Council to retain
the professional consultant, Peckham, Guyton Albers and Viets, Inc., subject to a Memorandum
of Understanding between Region 2000 Partnership Economic Development Council and the
Town of Appomattox with language to be approved by the Town Manager and executed by the
Mayor and further to approve the $44,500  and authorize the funds necessary to fund it from the
undesignated general fund balance.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey thanked the Planning Commission members for their
willingness to serve.  Mayor Harvey also thanked Rick Butler, Roxanne Paulette and the
members of the tree board for their work on obtaining the Tree City USA designation for the
Town of Appomattox.

Consent Agenda
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Conner, Council voted to approve the consent
agenda of April 8, 2013 as presented.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – none

New Business –

On a motion by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the FY 2014-
2018 Capital Improvement Plan as presented.  The CIP is subject to funding in an organized
financial plan.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to accept the proposal
from Reid Engineering and approved payment from the existing operating budget.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

4  Regular Council Meeting
Monday, April 8, 2013

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to cancel the May 28,
2013 Physical Development Committee meeting and Workshop meeting.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Staff Reports –
Mr. Gillespie reported that Norfolk Southern is scheduled to begin working to repair the Court
Street crossing the week of May 13, 2013.  VDOT will be working the approaches to the tracks.

Council Concerns:
Ms. Spiggle thanked Mr. Elder and Mrs. Garrett for their work on the Capital Improvement Plan.

Closed Session –
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session pursuant to §2.2-3711 (A) 5 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended for the purpose
of discussion concerning a prospective business or industry or the expansion of an existing
business or industry where no previous announcement has been made of the business’ or
industry’s interest in locating or expanding its facilities in the community, specifically being
Business A.

Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.
Motion carried.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which this
certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this council.

Garrett – aye, McDearmon – aye, Spiggle – aye, Mayberry – aye, Conner – aye, Puckette – aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:45
p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

