ref: reel_02_0283
date: 1953-08-17
content: The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on August 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor Chas. F. James presiding. The following members were present: J. E. Jamerson, J. T. Almond, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Grover E. Smith, and C. E. Poe.

It was moved by J. E. Jamerson and seconded by J. T. Almond that the Town immediately take the necessary steps to have determined the question as to whether or not the strip of land owned by Alice Harwood Marshall just South of the Norfolk and Western main line and which has been used generally by the public in the past to reach the "Wooten Milling site" and Chas. F. James as Mayor and Charlie Junker, Clerk are hereby expressly empowered to sign and execute the bond that may be required by the Court in case an injunction is granted. Motion carried.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

A motion was made by G. E. Smith, seconded by Mrs. C. H. Robinson that the Town of Appomattox lease the Appomattox Ball Park and concessions to the Appomattox Athletics Association and Gordon Bragg for the sum of $400.00 for one year, plus all Insurance and Property damage to the Park, payable one-half November 1, 1953, the other half June 1, 1954. The Insurance to be paid November 1, 1953, and get possession September 1, 1953. The Town reserves the rent on all fence signs, also the right to use the Park for a Donkey Ball Game one night in September. Motion carried.
chunk_id: 19767
record_id: 787
page_number: 1

