1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 11, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, April 11, 2022 at
6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson, Mary Lou G. Spiggle, Aaron M. Tilton.

Others:  Don Jones, Mr. McGhee, Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Carlton Duck (via phone), Jeff
Elder, Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Christy Torrence, Office Manager; and
Roxanne W. Casto, Interim Town Manager/Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order and welcomed the visitors.

Rev. Carlton Duck led the prayer and Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of
America.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Conner reported he will serve as Vice Chair of the Central Virginia Planning District
Commission for FY 2022-2023.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
Don Jones – Chairman of the Appomattox Tourism Committee appeared before Council to
provide an annual update of the activities of the Appomattox Tourism Committee and thank the
Town for all their support during the last year.

Adoption of the Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to accept the consent
agenda as presented for April 11, 2022.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to advertise a Request
for Proposals for Engineering/Project Management Services for the Train Depot, specifically for
the renovations of the roof, dormers and trim, soffits, and downspouts.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

New Business
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to approve the list of
projects for the American Rescue Plan (ARPA) funding.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mrs. Puckette, Council voted to amend the Employee
Handbook – Chapter 10; specifically Educational Assistance.  All members present voting aye.
Motion carried 6-0.

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 11, 2022

On a motion by Ms. Spiggle, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to amend a motion to
purchase a 2022 Ford F-250 Super Crew 4WD in the amount of $45,521.80 as identified in the
FY 2022 Capital Improvement Plan by striking out 2022 Ford F-250 Super Crew 4WD in the
amount of $45,521.80 and inserting 2022 – 2025 Dodge Tradesman Crew Cab 4x4 in the amount
of $51,010.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Council Standing Committee Reports:
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) Committee reporting everything is moving forward.

Citizen Comment:
None

Town Manager’s Report:
Staff continues its work on the FY 2023 Annual Town Budget.

Council Comment:
Mrs. Puckette – none
Mr. Simpson – none
Mr. Garrett – none
Mr. Boyce – none
Mr. Tilton – none
Ms. Spiggle – Thank you to the town staff.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mrs. Spiggle, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, Pursuant to Section 2.2-3711(A) 1 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion and consideration of a prospective candidate for employment, being
candidate A and Section 2.2-3711(A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the
purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds where competition or
bargaining is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest of the governmental
unit would be adversely affected, specifically being the discussion of a proposed contract for the
employment of a Town Manager.
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting as reopened to the public.

Closed Session Certification:
Council Member Mr. Garrett made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
April 11, 2022

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Council Member Ms. Spiggle and Council by the following
recorded vote adopted the motion:
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Claudia Puckette, seconded by Mary Lou Spiggle, Council voted to hire Richard
Terry McGhee, effective May 1, 2022 as the Appomattox Town Manager.  Council further
agrees to exercise the contract and authorizes Mayor Conner to execute on behalf of the Town.
Vote:  Tilton – yes, Boyce – yes, Spiggle – yes, Garrett – yes, Simpson – yes, Puckette – yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to adjourn at 7:45 p.m.  All
members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

