1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 26, 2022

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, April 26, 2022 at 6:30
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Conner presiding.

Members present:  James J. Boyce, Sr., Timothy W. Garrett, Claudia G. Puckette, Nathan A.
Simpson, Mary Lou G. Spiggle, and Aaron M. Tilton.

Others:  Carlton Duck, David Mikula, Drew and Tiffany Dearing, Charles Conrad, Jeff Elder,
Facilities Director; Kim Ray, Town Treasurer; Christy Torrence, Office Manager; and Roxanne
W. Casto, Interim Town Manager/Clerk of Council.

Mayor Conner called the meeting to order.

Discussion Items:
Mr. David Mikula of Mikula Harris appeared before Council to unveil the new branding image
and logo for the Town of Appomattox.

On a motion by Mr. Garrett, seconded by Mr. Boyce, Council voted to approve an out-of-town
water connection for 135 Eldon Road.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

On a motion by Mr. Simpson, seconded by Ms. Spiggle, Council voted to appoint a local
contractor, Mr. Simpson, and Mrs. Spiggle to serve on a Property Maintenance Investigation
Board as allowed by the Town Code.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Standing Committee Reports:
Finance & Planning Committee – Reported out that the Council and staff have completed the FY
2023 proposed budget.
On a recommendation by Chair, Mrs. Puckette, the Council voted to advertise the proposed FY
2023 budget for a public hearing on May 24, 2022 and adoption on June 13, 2022.  All members
present voting aye.  Motion carried.

Council Comment:
Ms. Spiggle – She is so glad to see Carlton here tonight.
Mr. Garrett – He concurred.
Mrs. Puckette – It is wonderful to see you (Rev. Duck).
Mr. Simpson – He shared with the Town Clerk the dates he would be out of town.
Mr. Boyce – Pleased to see the preacher.  You have been on my heart and mind.
Mr. Tilton - none

Staff Reports:
Mr. Elder – The pump station at the Trickling Filter Plant will be online in two (2) weeks.  The
force main is complete.  Staff and the contractor are reviewing the punch list now.  The entire
system should be complete and online in the next 2-3 weeks.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 26, 2022

Mrs. Ray, Town Treasurer presented the financial report as of March 31, 2022.

Mrs. Casto, Interim Town Manager/Clerk of Council reported on the following items:

➢  Church Street Waterline Replacement Project

USDA provided review comments to Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. H&P will be responding to those soon.
The project timeline is still undetermined at this time.

➢  Smart Scale Project

VDOT Smart Scale project – The work order has been created with Dominion Power regarding
the relocation and change out to LED lights of the current streetlights on Old Courthouse Road
and the installation of lights on the other side of Old CH Road.

➢  Request for Proposals – Train Depot

The revised RFP’s were distributed on April 15, 2022.  Questions are due to the Town by
Monday, May 2, 2022 and the RFP’s are due by May 20, 2022. (The RFP is attached).

➢  Downtown Revitalization Grant

This project is ongoing with finalizing contractor paperwork for façade improvements, obtaining
the easements for streetlights and public parking opportunities.

➢  Proposed FY 2023 Budget
Final draft presented April 26, 2022

➢  Open enrollment for Health Insurance

Open enrollment for employee health insurance will begin on Monday, May 2, 2022 and close
on Monday, May 16, 2022.  The window for employee changes is much shorter this year.
Normally it was for 30 days.

➢  Vacancies/Employment – Public Works Department

A lead equipment operator and facilities technician I positions (2) remain vacant but advertised.
The part-time seasonal position has been filled beginning May 31, 2022 through July 29, 2022.

Mr. McGhee’s first day will be Monday, May 2, 2022.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Councilmember Simpson, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 7:30 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Richard C. Conner
Mayor

