ref: reel_02_0404
date: 1964-01-01
content: JANUARY 1964

The regular meeting of the Town Council met in the Mayor's office on December 20, 1963, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding.

The following members were present: H. B. Pack, Richard Wingfield, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, T. R. Gilbert, Burke Guilli, and Ivey Holland.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Mr. Palmer and Mr. Phillips of the Highway Department, met with the Council to discuss the drainage problem at Mr. A. A. Babcock's.

A motion was made by Ivey Holland, seconded by Burke Guilli, That the town give Mr. White $25.00 per month increase in pay to be taken from Special police fund. Motion carried.

Motion made by Richard Wingfield, seconded by Ivey Holland, That the Town Code Sec. 15-3 be amended to include Town License on miniature pool tables. The cost of the license shall be $100.00 for each table and $25.00 for each Pin Ball Machine. Motion carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland, seconded by H. B. Pack, That the Town Manager and Property Committee contact Mr. E. O. Johnson to see about the purchase of additional land for another lagoon. Motion carried.

Motion made by Ivey Holland, seconded by H. B. Pack, That the Sewer, Water and Street Committees meet with the Town Attorney to work out a solution on water and sewage, and Streets for subdividing property, and the cost the property owner should pay. Motion carried.

Motion made by H. B. Pack, seconded by Richard Wingfield, That Section 14-26 requirements for the acceptance and maintenance of any streets be amended.

1. The street shall be stabilized with five inches of stone, 20 feet wide, approved by the Town Manager, and to be accepted by the Town of Appomattox for maintenance.

This ordinance to be in effect upon publication.

Voting no - T. R. Gilbert. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned to meet again on the regular meeting date of February 17, 1964.

Signed S. R. Lawson Mayor

Signed C. C. Hunter Clerk

Committee Meeting

A meeting of the Sewer, Water and Street Committees met in the Mayor's office on February 10, 1964, at 7:30 P.M., with Mayor S. R. Lawson presiding. The following members were present: Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Richard Wingfield, H. B. Pack, Burke Guilli, and Ivey Holland.
chunk_id: 19888
record_id: 908
page_number: 1

