Regular Meeting - September 9, 1991

The regular meeting of the Appomattox Town Council was held
on Monday, September 9, 1991 with Mayor Spiggle presiding.

Those present were: Marvin Mitchell, R. L. Bass, W. H. Carson,
and S. E. Carter. Absent - H. W. Conner and R. C. Hubbard

Others present: Mr. & Mrs. Richard Stein, and David T.
Garrett, Superintendent of Public Works.

The meeting was opened with a prayer.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, the Council
approved the Agenda as submitted except for the Financial
Statement for August which is not ready. Motion carried.

Mr. & Mrs. Richard Stein appeared before Town Council
to request a permit as required by the Town Code to keep
sheep in the Town.

Council took no action on this request at this time but

took the request under advisement. We will have our Attorney
look at this request to determine the question of livestock
definition and whether Mr. Stein can have sheep in Town.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
approved the two water connections on Bible Baptist Road

for the Wright Sisters as proposed by the Virginia Department
of Highways and at the rate of $1000.00 per connection.

Bass-aye Carson-aye Carter-aye Mitchell-aye
Motion carried.

Mr. David Garrett, Superintendent of Public Works, appeared
before Council to discuss the water usage for the Town.
Council discussed the need to proceed immediately with the
Plati €6 put Ehe Well at the Community Center on line for the
Towns water supply.

On-a motion by Mr. Carson, seconded by Marvin Mitchell, ~~ ~—
Council voted to accept the recommendation of the Street
Committee to have a Street Light installed on Crawley

Lane and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.

109

