ref: reel_03_0461
date: 1970-01-01
content: b. Notification of employment opportunities, new positions, vacancies, promotion possibilities, and training opportunities shall be posted in a conspicuous place, so as to come to the attention of all town employees and applicants for employment. 

c. Newspaper advertisements and other public announcements of employment opportunities placed by or on behalf of the Town shall state that the Town is an equal opportunity employer. 

d. The Town Manager shall make an annual assessment of the Town employment. This assessment shall include an Equal Opportunity Strategy outlining the specific Equal Opportunity actions, to be taken by the Town during the upcoming fiscal year.

Section 2.2 - Personnel for Implementing Equal Opportunity Policy

A. Equal Opportunity Review Board. The Town designates the Town Council as the Town's Equal Opportunity Review board (EOR Board). In all cases involving employment actions discussed in or with the EOR board, upon review of proceedings, all actions as set forth and the procedures established by this section, shall be final. 

B. Equal Opportunity Counselor. The counselor shall designate an Equal Opportunity counselor, who shall be responsible for and authorized to provide advice to employees with regard to their rights under the equal opportunity laws, and to assist in filing complaints concerning perceived rights, violations, and other matters as provided in this section; in coordination, and consultation with the appropriate Town offices. 

C. Equal Opportunity Hearing Officer. In appropriate cases, the Equal Opportunity Review Board shall designate a disinterested person to conduct formal investigations and hearings on complaints of discrimination brought in the manner provided in this section. 

D. The name of the Equal Opportunity Counselor and Hearing Officer shall be posted in conspicuous places.

Section 2.3 - Procedures for Conciliation, Investigation And Resolution of Complaints of Discrimination

1. Any person who believes that he has been discriminated against by reason of race, color, religion, sex, creed, or national origin, in
chunk_id: 20612
record_id: 1632
page_number: 1

