1  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 28, 2020

The Appomattox Town Council held a Workshop meeting on Tuesday, April 28, 2020 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey, presiding.

Town Council members present were Jonathan D. Garrett, James Boyce, Sr., Mary Lou Spiggle,
Timothy W. Garrett, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette (via phone).

Staff present were Facilities Director, Jeff Elder (via phone); Town Manager, Gary Shanaberger;
Town Treasurer, Kim Ray; and Town Clerk, Roxanne Casto.

The meeting was also broadcast LIVE on the Town of Appomattox Facebook page and allowed
public phone participation through FreeConferenceCall.com.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey called for the non-profit organizations for donations/contributions for FY 2021 to
make their presentations.  Mr. Redding and Mr. Jones made their presentations via a phone
conference call.

Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce
Mr. John Redding, President, Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce presented a proposal
to join the efforts of the Visitors Center and the Chamber of Commerce.  Minimal space is
requested in the Visitor’s Center for required Chamber specific functions.  The outlined benefits
to the Town would be the presence of the Chamber Administrator within the Visitor’s Center
which could result in a reduction of Visitor’s Center payroll, extended hours of operation or to
just provide the convenience of having an available fill-in receptionist during the prime tourist
season.  The benefits to the Chamber include the hours the Visitor’s Center is operational is
beyond what the Chamber currently offers, therefore a personal touch is added to those
attempting to contact the Chamber.  The elimination of the current Chamber office, office
maintenance expenses would be reduced, freeing up more resources for Chamber services within
the community.  Consolidating the repository of pamphlets and community information would
be beneficial.  The location of the established visitor’s center would aid in the presence of the
Chamber to the community.

Mr. Timothy Garrett inquired if the space Mr. Simpson had been using would be adequate?  Mr.
Redding seemed to think that would be enough.

Experience Appomattox
Mr. Don Jones, Chairman, Experience Appomattox committee presented a request for $8,000 of
funding for FY 2021 to continue with campaigning for Experience Appomattox activities.
Council thanked Mr. Jones for sharing the success of these events.

2  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 28, 2020

On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to amend
the law enforcement agreement to reflect approval of continuing to fund the stipend to the
Appomattox County Sheriff, effective with his term beginning January 1, 2020.  All members
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

FY 2021 Budget Discussions:
The Appomattox Town Council discussed the upcoming fiscal year 2021 budget cycle, capital
improvement plan, special projects and employee cost of living increases.

Council concurred with including the following items in the FY 2021 budget:

  $8,000 for Experience Appomattox
  An MOU agreement with the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce for office

space at the visitor’s center on Main Street.

  $10,00 for the annual Appomattox Railroad Festival
  $240,000 for the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for truck replacement.

Mrs. Ray will make the changes discussed and present the proposed FY 2021 budget.

On a motion by Mr. Timothy Garrett, seconded by Mr. Steve Conner, Council voted to ratify
reduction of the utility rates by 25% for the April and May 2020 billing periods.  All members
voting aye.  Motion carried 6-0.

Staff Reports:
Kim Ray, Town Treasurer presented the Treasurer’s Report for March 2020.

Roxanne Casto, Clerk – none

Jeff Elder, Facilities Director – none

Gary Shanaberger, Town Manager reported that he is expecting to hear from USDA on the sewer
rehabilitation project any day.  The July 3 Fireworks event will be planned for only fireworks
due to COVID-19.

Council Comments:
Mr. Jonathan Garrett thanked the EMS, Dispatchers, and Law Enforcement providers during the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Mr. Boyce commented that the curbside trash service is awful.

Mr. Timothy Garrett thanked Town Staff.

3  Appomattox Town Council

Workshop Meeting
April 28, 2020

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. Jonathan Garrett, seconded by Mr. Timothy Garrett, Council voted to
adjourn at 7:25 p.m. All members present voting aye. Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto
Clerk of Council

Paul D. Harvey, Mayor

