1  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2015

The Appomattox Town Council held a Regular Council meeting on Monday, December 14,
20156 at 7:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, M. Erin
Finch, Steven T. Conner and Claudia G. Puckette.

Others present:  Daniel Puckette, Times Virginian; Ashlie Walter, News & Advance; Carlton
Duck and Brian Moore, Alive Media TV; Members of the Appomattox County High School
Football team, coaches, school staff and parents; Jeff Elder, Facilities Director; Stacey Wilkes,
Town Treasurer; and C. William Gillespie, Jr., Town Manager, and Roxanne Casto, Town Clerk.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all the visitors.

Marquis Morgan, Football player gave the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments:
Mayor Harvey reminded Council of the reception for the 3 retiring Board of Supervisors
members on Wednesday, December 16, 2015 from 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm.

Mayor Harvey also acknowledged the presence of the young men from the Appomattox County
High School football team who demonstrated a lot of special athletic ability, personal faith and
teamwork and on their accomplishment of winning the 2015 State Championship.

Mayor Harvey presented the players with the following Proclamation:

A PROCLAMATION HONORING

THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL
2015 STATE CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL TEAM

WHEREAS, the hard work, dedication, sportsmanship, talent and exceptional team chemistry of
the 2015 Appomattox Raiders Football Team has enabled these student athletes to earn a State
Championship title; and

WHEREAS, in 2015 Appomattox County High School fielded a true “team” in every sense of
the word, with 54 highly skilled and united football players and 13 outstanding coaches; and

WHEREAS, the 2015 Appomattox Raiders Football team completed the season with an
impressive 15-0 record; and

2  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2015

WHEREAS, the 2015 Appomattox Raiders Football team made history by winning the first
Virginia High School League Group 2A Football Championship in the school’s history with a
42-6 victory over Clarke County; and

WHEREAS, Head Coach Doug Smith and the entire coaching staff, team member parents,
faculty and student body at Appomattox County High School were integral in guiding the team to
victory through their unwavering support during the undefeated season;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that I, Paul D. Harvey, Mayor of the Town of
Appomattox along with my fellow Councilmembers, do hereby proclaim December 14, 2015 as
“2015 Appomattox Raider Football Team Day – Power of One” in honor of the 2015 State
Champion Appomattox County Varsity Football Team’s outstanding accomplishments.

FURTHER, I urge all citizens of Appomattox County to join me in recognizing and celebrating
the team’s achievement and wish the members of the team continued success.

________________________________________
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor, Town of Appomattox

There was a brief recess to allow for those who wished to exit the meeting.

Scheduled Public Appearances:
None

Consent Agenda:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adopt the consent
agenda for December 14, 2015 as presented with the addition of New Business #3 – Committee
Reports and New Business #4 – Closed Session.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Unfinished Business:
None

New Business:
There was discussion to join the Lynchburg Regional Alliance by Council.  Mayor Harvey gave
some explanation as to what other localities are planning to do as far as joining in July 2016.
Mayor Harvey suggested joining the Alliance for at least a year to see where it goes.  The cost
would be $2,180.00.  The dues would not be payable until July 2016.  By consensus, the item
was tabled to become part of the budget process.

3  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2015

Commendation Reports/Recommendations:
On a committee recommendation, Council voted for staff to proceed with developing the depot
by creating a scope to change the current visitor’s center into a community center with a kitchen,
restoring the vacant end to that of the time period and then move the visitor’s center to the
renovated end.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

On a committee recommendation, Council voted to engage HDLA in a redesign of the Kiddie
Park and to obtain the status of the park equipment pricing from the original bid and authorize
Timmy Garrett to act on behalf of Council to purchase the park equipment if necessary before
December 31, 2015.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Puckette – yes.
Conner – no (stating he wants to see the total price; not open ended).
Motion carried 5-1.

On a committee recommendation, Council voted to adopt a resolution to enter into a
Memorandum of Understanding between the Town of Appomattox and the Town of Pamplin
reference contractual services for water and sewer maintenance and repair services and approve
the Memorandum of Understanding.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Closed Session:
On a motion by Mr. Conner, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to convene in Closed
Session, Council voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to Section 2.2-3711 (A) 1 of the
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, for the purpose of discussion of the performance of a
specific public appointee of the Town, specifically being Appointee A.

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

The meeting was re-opened to the public.

Ms. Spiggle, made the following motion:

WHEREAS, the Council of the Town of Appomattox has convened a closed meeting on this
date, pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and

WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 of the Code of Virginia requires a certification by Town Council
that such closed meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia law;

4  Appomattox Town Council
Regular Council Meeting
December 14, 2015

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies
that to the best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or considered by this council.

The motion was seconded by Mr. Conner and Council by the following recorded vote adopted
the motion:

Vote:
Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Town Manager’s Report:
None

Citizen Comment Period:
None

Council Concerns:
Mrs. Puckette spoke to her concerns that things are not being discussed during the Council
meetings as they were when she first came on Council.  So many things are being discussed
outside.  Everyone is entitled to opinions but no one is entitled to their own facts.  Opinions are
personal views, Facts are truth (what you personally know), Here say is not something you have
personal knowledge of.  She hopes Council can get back to the way it used to be where
everything was brought to Council.  She encouraged the other Council members to read a book
by John Maxwell regarding Leadership and Integrity.

Adjournment:
On a motion by Mr. McDearmon, seconded by Mr. Garrett, Council voted to adjourn at 8:15
p.m.
Vote:  Garrett – yes, McDearmon – yes, Spiggle – yes, Finch – yes, Conner – yes, Puckette –
yes.
Motion carried 6-0.

Roxanne W. Casto, MMC
Clerk

Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

