ref: reel_02_0291
date: 1954-02-26
content: A special meeting of the Appomattox Town Council met in the Mayor's Office on February 26, 1954, at 10:30 A.M., with Mayor Chas. F. James presiding. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the strike at the Appomattox Garment Company. The following members were present: G. E. Smith, D. A. Christian, Mrs. C. H. Robinson, C. C. Poe, J. E. Almond and C. T. Moses, Jr.

A motion was made by Chas. T. Moses, Jr, seconded by G. E. Smith, that the Judge limit the picket line to three persons and keep all other personnel of the Union and strikers, and all persons connected with the strike at Appomattox Garment Company at least 1500 feet from the Factory. Voting for: Chas. T. Moses, G. E. Smith and Mrs. C. H. Robinson. Voting against: J. E. Almond, D. A. Christian, and C. C. Poe. The Mayor voting against. Not ordered.

Motion was made by D. A. Christian, seconded by Chas. T. Moses, Jr., that the Town employ a Temporary night policeman to police the Appomattox Garment Company Property for the duration of the Strike. The hours to be from 6:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M., 7 days per week. The Mayor turned this over to the following committee: C. T. Moses, Jr., G. E. Smith and J. E. Almond to hire a suitable person for this job. They contacted Mrs. R. W. Chenault and employed him at a salary of $60.00 per week, his duties to begin on the night of February 26th. Motion carried.

There being no further business the meeting adjourned.

Signed _______________ Chas. F. James Mayor

Signed _______________

Signed _______________ C. J. Hunter Clerk
chunk_id: 19775
record_id: 795
page_number: 1

