Page 2 of 2 263

Council Minutes - November 12, 1996

On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted

to hold a public hearing on December 9, 1996 at 7:00 PM and advertise
the intent to adopt Section 22-42-22-51 Business and Occupational
License Tax. All those present voting aye. Motion carried.

Item 3 of the agenda was tabled to the next meeting.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Council voted

to give Thursday, December 26, 1996 and Friday, December 27, 1996
in addition to state holidays to Town Employees. All those present
voting aye. Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council
voted in accordance with Section 2.1-344 susections 5 and 6.
Discussion concerning a propspective business or industry or
expansion of an existing business or industry where no previous
announcement has been made of the business' or industry's interest
in locating or expanding its facilities.in the community. And,

the investing of public funds where competition or bargaining

is involved, where, if made public initially, the financial interest
of the governmental unit would be adversely affected.

Lawsen-aye Mitchell-aye Pack~aye Bass-aye Carter-aye Mayberry-aye
Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Carter, Town Council
reconvened into regular session, in accordance with the provisions
of the Freedom of Information Act; Section 2.1-344 of the Code

of Virginia, requires certification by Council that the executive
session conformed with Virginia Law, Council hereby certifies that
only such public business matters as identified in the motion

to go into Executive Session were discussed. The motion was passed
with the following recorded vote: Mayberry-aye, Carter-aye,
bass-aye Pack-aye, Mitchell-aye, Lawson-aye Motion carried.

On a motion by Mr. Lawson, seconded by Mr. Bass, Council voted to
expend $1250.00 for a Feasibility Study for Water ($1250.00 is half
of the cost which is being shared by The Coungil. Total cost to
Appomattox $2500.00) All those present voting aye. Motion carried.

With no further business, Town Council adjourned at 9:25 PM.

Perret, Bued. MAYOR

Nornre. l, Joecete ACTING CLERK

