1  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 26, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a workshop meeting on Tuesday, April 26, 2011 at 7:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia with
Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  Timothy W. “Timmy” Garrett, C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou
Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy” Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.

Others:  Waite Rawls, Linda Lipscomb, Sam Craighead, Linda Wall, Stephanie James, Bill &
June Goodrich, Cliff Harvey, Jeff Elder, Bob White, Mike Lawless, Carlton and Brian, Alive
TV; Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Rhonda Guill, Deputy Clerk; and Bill Gillespie, Interim
Town Manager.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order.

Mayor Harvey made the following amendments to the agenda:
(1) Addition of a closed session after item # 10 – Council Concerns
(2) Delete item # 7 – Update on Priority & Initiatives

Proclamation Recognition
Mayor Harvey read the Proclamation for Arbor Day 2011

TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
ARBOR DAY PROBCLAMATION

WHEREAS, Arbor Day has been observed throughout Virginia and the Nation for more
than 120 years, and

WHEREAS, trees provide many benefits to the community, including lean air,
windbreaks, noise reduction shade, and energy savings, and

WHEREAS, planting and maintaining trees provides opportunities for community
interaction, volunteerism, economic development, and environmental conservation, and

WHEREAS, the Town of Appomattox has been designated a bird sanctuary and trees
provide habitat for birds, and

WHEREAS, trees increase property values, enhance the economic vitality of business
areas, and beautify communities, and

WHEREAS, trees, wherever planted, are a source of comfort, joy and inspiration, and

WHEREAS, the last Friday in April of each year is designated by the Virginia General
Assembly as Arbor Day in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, Paul Harvey, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, do hereby
proclaim the 29th day of April, 2011 as our Third Annual Arbor Day.

2  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 26, 2011

Presentations
Waite Rawls with the Museum of the Confederacy presented a slide show and gave an update
on the progress of the building as well as what to expect once it is finished.
Mr. Rawls reported that the land has been graded and the storm drain and curbing have been
installed.  The Museum will house an indoor and outdoor classroom, 3500 sq. ft. exhibit area
as well as a 1500 sq. ft. changeable exhibit area.  The classroom area and exhibit area will be
connected by a covered porch area.  The outside will include a brick and granite walkway
with stories inscribed in the granite as well as a series of 14 state flags leading up to the
American Flag.  The entire building is expandable to ensure growth of the Museum.  They
hope to build a time period Log Cabin in the field beside the Museum in the near future.  The
main exhibit hall will include exhibits from before Appomattox, during Appomattox and
after Appomattox.  There will be a case displaying Robert E. Lee sword and his uniform.
The changeable exhibit will start with a display of Confederate Flags and color barriers.  Mr.
Rawls reported the Museum is planning to open by March 2012 in preparation of the April
tourism season.

Ms. Spiggle thanked Mr. Rawls and added it was a great presentation.
Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Rawls and added it was a great choice to come to Appomattox
and tie into the National Park.
Ms. Bennett said she is very excited.

Bob White, Region 2000 Local Government Council talked about the Stormwater
Management Program.  Mr. White explained this is a rising issue that we will be facing in the
near future.  State requirements are being updated now and will soon be in place.  The
Environmental Protection Agency will be implementing a National Stormwater Management
Program.  Region 2000 will be communicating with localities to keep us up to date on the
new regulations.  They are working on the final draft as it pertains to the town and at some
point they will be working with our staff to schedule a public hearing.

Mike Lawless with Draper and Aden Associates discussed the Region 2000 Regional Water
Supply Plan.  Mr. Lawless explained the requirements of the town as follows:

•  Adopt a Drought Management Ordinance which includes the components

recommended by DEQ – The Town of Appomattox has already fulfilled this
commitment.

•  Adopt a Drought Response and Contingency Plan which will be included in the

Regional Water Supply Plan and will be adopted upon adoption of the Water Supply
Plan; this does not need separate adoption.

•  Hold a public hearing and pass a resolution adopting the Regional Water Supply

Plan.

All actions required by Council will need to happen before October 2011.
Mr. Lawless said the Plan will need to be revised every 5 years with needed changes and
revised and resubmitted every 10 years.

Mr. Conner wanted to make sure that by connecting to CCUSA (Concord – Appomattox
waterline) that would take care of us and our water supply.  Mr. Lawless responded with yes.
Mayor Harvey thanked Mr. Lawless.

3  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 26, 2011

Update on Carver-Price Legacy Museum – Requesting a Support Letter
Mayor Harvey reported that Roxanne Paulette, Clerk; has spoken with Jessie Lewis,
President CPAA and he advised that the name of Carver-Price Legacy Museum will not be
changing.  The letter is needed to apply for grant money.  Mr. Conner asked what exactly are
they doing.  Mayor Harvey said they are adding and expanding the Museum to include other
things.  It is the consensus of Council to have Roxanne Paulette draft and send a letter of
support to the Carver-Price Legacy Museum.

Discussion of skateboarding complaints
Mayor Harvey advised we have received a complaint about the skateboarding at the
Jamerson Library and Abbitt Park.  There was some discussion about asking off duty police
officers to monitor the area and we will pay them for their time.  Mr. Mayberry does not
think we should pay the Sheriffs Department more that what we already pay them.  Mr.
Conner agrees.  Mr. Mayberry said the ordinance we have is enforceable and we will meet
with the Sherriff Department.  Ms. Bennett asked if we have found a place to put the
skateboard park, we need to look out for the safety of the kids.  Mr. Mayberry suggested the
Town have a meeting with the County on property and funding.  He suggested we turn it over
to Mr. Gillespie and Roxanne Paulette to meet with Aileen Ferguson to discuss further.  Ms.
Spiggle added the skateboarders are county residents and business owners are complaining
about property damage.  Mr. Mayberry said the ordinance allows businesses to pursue the
matter.  Mr. Conner asked did we pursue the property beside Advance Auto.  Mayor Harvey
suggested the matter be discussed at the next joint meeting.

Discussion of the proposed changes to Chapter 126-Licensing
Mr. Gillespie explained the changes set up an appeal process and adds teeth to the ordinance
if the businesses do not pay; it also establishes a penalty if Business License Tax is not timely
paid.  Frank Wright, Town Attorney will review the document.  It is the consensus of Council
to proceed with changes and schedule a public hearing.

Updates from Standing Committees
Finance – Mr. McDearmon reported the budget was finalized on April 13, 2011 and will go
to public hearing on May 9, 2011.
Fire & Safety – Ms. Bennett has found at least 10 properties we need to look into.  She will
schedule a committee meeting soon.
Ordinance – Mr. Conner reported they are currently working on revising the Sign Ordinance
and revamping the entire Zoning Ordinance to becoming more business friendly.
Personnel – Nothing to report
Street & Property – Ms. Spiggle reported there are two meetings scheduled, May 3, 2011 and
May 14, 2011.  The pavilion is on the way.
Utility – Mr. Garrett reported the PER has been sent out for upgrades on wastewater service,
TFP and SBR, it will be back for review by May 9, 2011.

Updates from Staff Members
Town Manager – Nothing to report
Treasurer – Nothing to report
Clerk of Council – Report provided to Council

4  Workshop Meeting
    Tuesday, April 26, 2011

Council Concerns
Ms. Spiggle thanked Rhonda Guill and Stacey Wilkes for all their hard work.  She also sent
well wishes to Hazel Thomas and Barbara Shelton.

Closed Session
On a motion by Councilmember Spiggle, seconded by Councilmember Conner, Council
voted to convene in Closed Session pursuant to §2.2-3711(A) 5 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, for the discussion concerning a prospective business or industry or the
expansion of an existing business or industry where no previous announcement has been
made of the business’ or industry’s interest in locating or expanding its facilities in the
community, specifically being Business A and §2.2-3711(A) 6 of the Code of Virginia, 1950
amended, for the purpose of discussion or consideration of the investment of public funds
where competition or bargaining is involved, where if made public initially, the financial
interest of the governmental unit would be adversely affected specifically being the
discussion of the waterline maintenance agreement from Concord to Appomattox.

VOTE:  Bennett – aye, Conner – aye, Mayberry – aye, Spiggle – aye, McDearmon – aye,
Garrett – aye.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to the
best of each members knowledge: (1) Only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meetings requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the closed meeting to which
this certificate resolution applies, and (2) only such public business matters as were identified
in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed or considered by this
council.

VOTE:  Bennett – aye, Conner – aye, Mayberry – aye, Spiggle – aye, McDearmon – aye,
Garrett – aye.

On a motion by Councilmember Conner, seconded by Councilmember Garrett, Council voted
to adjourn at 8:50 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

__________________________
Rhonda W. Guill
Deputy Clerk

__________________________
Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

