1 Regular Council Meeting
   Monday, April 11, 2011

The Appomattox Town Council held a regular council meeting on Monday, April 11,
2011 at 7:30 pm at the Appomattox Municipal Building, 210 Linden Street, Appomattox,
Virginia with Mayor Harvey presiding.

Members present:  C. Lewis McDearmon, Jr., Mary Lou Spiggle, N. H. “Jimmy”
Mayberry, Steven T. “Steve” Conner and Joyce B. Bennett.  Absent:  Timothy W.
“Timmy” Garrett.

Others:  Linda Lipscomb, Bob Hopkins, Stephanie James, Benny Harvey, Lucy Harvey,
Hazel Thomas, Rev. Russell Cheatham, Memorial United Methodist Church, Carlton
Duck, Stacey Wilkes, Town Treasurer; Bill Gillespie, Interim Town Manager and
Roxanne W. Paulette, Clerk of Council.

Mayor Harvey called the meeting to order and welcomed all guests and visitors.

Rev. Russell Cheatham delivered the invocation and led the Pledge of Allegiance.

Mayor’s Comments – Mayor Harvey gave thanks to staff and helping Council create a 5
year vision program that people can see.  Mayor Harvey also expressed concerns of
thought and prayers to Council Member Timmy Garrett during his recovery.

Public Appearances – None

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember McDearmon,
Council voted to approve the consent agenda of April 11, 2011.  All members present
voting aye.  Motion carried.

Unfinished Business – None

New Business – None

Citizen Comment Period – None

Town Manager Update –
1.  Legacy Shelters will ship the Abbitt Park pavilion the week of April 11th.  Delivery is
scheduled for April 18-20.  Construction is scheduled to be complete by May 1st.

2.  There is continued success with lowering the zinc levels at the SBR facility.

3.  The Public Works department has been very busy.

4.  The final budget meeting is scheduled for this week, April 13, 2011.

2 Regular Council Meeting
   Monday, April 11, 2011

Council Concerns –
Future Skate Park
Ms. Bennett asked if any information had been obtained on a future skate park.  Mayor
Harvey has information and will provide it to Mr. Gillespie.
Ms. Spiggle is concerned about the location of the park.  She states it needs to be
accessible and visible.

Budget Cuts
Mr. Conner expressed concern that the Town must have a balanced budget moving
forward with the proposed FY 2012 budget.  The revenues and expenditures were
spreading apart.  Right now there is a $160,000 shortfall and we do not have the money
to keep doing this -- if we keep using reserve -- there won’t be a reserve.  It is not prudent
to keep paying for it.

On a motion by Councilmember Mayberry, seconded by Councilmember Bennett,
Council voted to adjourn at 7:40 p.m.  All members present voting aye.  Motion carried.

__________________________
Roxanne W. Paulette
Clerk

_________________________
Paul D. Harvey
Mayor

