# WORKSHOP MEETING – May 28, 2002

Page 2 of 3

Workshop Minutes
May 28, 2002

The Two-Way Stop request at Church Street and Main Street was tabled until the June
10, 2002 Council meeting pending written communication from VDOT.

The County of Appomattox offered two dates to the Town Council to meet jointly
reference the RFP for the Water Study. The meeting will take place on Saturday, June
15, 2002 at 8:00 a.m. at the Town Office as agreed upon by Town Council.

The Town Couneil was advised of the ongoing health insurance debate with the County .
of Appomattox and School Board. Rodney Deaner with Woodmen of the World has
acted as the Town’s agent and obtained competitive rates with Trigon Blue Cross Blue
Shield for the Town only. The County of Appomattox now shows interest in’
participating in obtaining rates. The task is currently awaiting commitment by the
County before the Town will take further action. .

~ Ona motion made by Mr. Carson, seconded by Mr. Mayberry, Joyce Bennett will serve

on the Workforce Training Steering Committee for Appomattox County. All voting aye.
Motion carried.

On a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded. by Mr. Mitchell, the Town of
Appomattox will advertise to hold a public hearing on Monday, June 10, 2002 at 7:00
p.m. at the Municipal Building for the purpose of adjusting tax rates in accordance with
the current reassessment. Bennett-aye, Lawson-aye, McDearmon-aye, Mitchell-aye,
Mayberry-aye, Carson-no. Motion carried.

The police agreement will be discussed with the County on a one-year contractual basis
rather than a two-year basis before the renewal date of July 1, 2002.

On. a motion made by Mr. Mayberry, seconded by Mr. McDearmon, Council voted to ,
convene in Closed Session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711, Subsection A, Item 7, of
the State Code, for the purpose of Consultation with legal counsel by the Council
regarding specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal advise by such counsel.

Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Appomattox Town Council hereby certifies that to
the best of each members knowledge: 1. Only public business matters lawfully exempted
from open meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed meeting
to which this certificate resolution applies, and 2. Only such public business matters as
were identified in the motion convening the closed meeting were heard, discussed, or
considered by this council.

“463