ref: reel_03_0880
date: 1984-10-26
content: Mr. H. W. Conner made a motion, seconded by Mr. Webb, to request the Highway Department to put 'No Parking' signs on the east side of Church Street from George Abbitt's property on the corner of Church and Evergreen Avenue, to the intersection with Lee-Grant. Carter-aye Bonner-aye Bass-aye Noble-aye Hubbard-aye Webb-aye Motion carried. On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council voted to grant the 'Conditional Use Permit' to Christine Ferguson on her property with the stipulation that she get permission from her adjoining neighbors, and all members present voting aye. Motion carried. On a motion by Mr. Noble, seconded by Mr. Webb, Council tabled ITEM 3, New Business, until the January, 1985 meeting and all members present voting aye. Motion carried. On a motion by Mr. Bass, seconded by Mr. Noble, and all those present voting aye, Council agreed to omit the word 'not' in the Personnel Policy concerning overtime. Motion carried. It was general consensus of Council to let Mr. Britton handle the request from Family Practice for a Preschool on Court Street. Mayor Spiggle read a petition sent to Council regarding a traffic light on 460. The Mayor suggested that an open meeting be held with the Board of Supervisors, Resident Engineer, District Engineer, Highway Commissioner, area legislators, representatives of the State Police, local Sheriff's office and interested citizens, to help solve this problem. On a motion by Mr. Hubbard, seconded by Mr. Carter, Council approved the Resolution for James H. Martin as follows: WHEREAS, on the 26th day of October, 1984, death brought to a close the active life of James H. Martin and; WHEREAS, James H. Martin throughout a long career of public service, to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department earned the respect, admiration, and high regard of all those with whom he came into contact; BE IT THEREFORE, RESOLVED, that the Mayor and Appomattox Town Council of the Town of Appomattox does by this resolution, and public record, recognize his faithful service, and express to his family our sincere appreciation of his dedicated performance. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Resolution be spread upon the record and that a copy hereof, properly inscribed be transmitted with our heartfelt sympathy to his bereaved family.
chunk_id: 20896
record_id: 1916
page_number: 1

